Say Goodbye to Bad Breath!With Hopesmile 3 in 1 Dental Floss Picks, bad breath is a thing of the past. These picks not only remove food particles but also leave my mouth feeling incredibly fresh. The sturdy build of the picks ensures they won't break or fray during use. My confidence has soared since incorporating these into my daily routine.
Good quality awesome product easy to use cleaning clear teeth and gums useful product and very hygiene thing love it
Great Value for Superior Quality!Don't let the affordable price fool you; these Hopesmile Dental Floss Picks are of exceptional quality. The pack of 50 ensures I'm stocked up for weeks, if not months, of regular use. The ergonomic design makes them easy to handle, and the effectiveness in cleaning surpasses other brands I've tried. Definitely worth every penny!
Good quality, easy and comfortable to use,Keeps teeth clean,Effective product must buy.
Review posted at 6 weeks of use.My search for an appropriate portable water flosser for good dental hygiene ended here after having tried out many expensive and reputed brands purchased overseas and giving up on them, or rather they giving up on me.Proud that this Made in India product has not only an excellent finish (looks imported!) but the design too is very well thought of and very functional. Appropriately placed buttons, just the right options for settings (modes), perfect hold, good capacity (water volume), suitable nozzles and ease of use are a user's delight. Did not have to recharge the battery in the last 6 weeks despite of using twice a day. Using it for the first time needs a little practice though to get used to, as is for most water flossers. A word of caution for novices. Make sure the lips are closed before you press the On button, aim at the gums or between teeth, hold the water in and press the Off button before opening lips and emptying water from the mouth. Mistiming the On/Off button can damage lips, enough to cause a tear even with Soft mode, or have water all over the place. Not difficult, one just needs to know this rather than use trial and error. This flosser is extremely effective for cleaning between the teeth. Gets rid of all residue between the teeth be it fibres/ stands from fruit, green leafies or non-vegetarian food.Do not have to use the (string) floss any more.As a medical consultant I would strongly recommend the product for maintaining good dental hygiene.
The MEDITIVE Water Flosser impressed me with its cordless convenience and effective teeth cleaning. The compact design is user-friendly, and the adjustable water pressure provides a customized experience. It's a reliable dental tool for maintaining oral hygiene on the go.
Good quality. Supplied accessories are good but promised days for battery to last is wrong.
Pretty useful I would say, has adequate pressure to clean between the teeth, and it has 350 ml water capacity which helps in getting full mouth clean in one go, I've been using it for almost a month now, gum line looks more clean... And charging is also good, once charged it's good for at least 10 to 12 days
This product is handy and rechargeable so easy to carry. Pressure is absolutely  perfect to clean teeth.
This is one of the great product from meditive.I have used this product, which is very easy to use and comfort.Quality of this product is also fine.If you guys looking for any kind of teeth cleaning gadgets, this could be a good choice with portable option.
Each and every family should have this product. just buy this, use it atlease weekly once and save thousands of money paying for dental clinic. this one is superb product.
Only problem is batteries are not replacable. So one battery gone you need to throw the product. Can not use product while charging.
Good for maintaining oral health. Seller provides best customer service. Overall good.
I'm using this product since 6 months best value for money I've got also charging stays longer than expected. The tank capacity is big so no need to refills fast it lasts long best value for money strongly recommend.
Awesome 👍
Food remnants get stuck in teeth. The decay and cause infection, pyorrhea of teeth, painful and causing teeth to fall.  Use of Dental Floss cleaned my teeth.
Useful
While the back curve is a nice feature, the thread itself is very weak. Compared to other products, it gets loose sometimes in the first tooth itself. Avoid.
My daily use stuff. Good
Good product and good for cleaning teeth
Thread not good. Breaks while cleaning teeth
Very good
Good quality
                    The media could not be loaded.                 बहुत ही गंदा प्रोडक्ट है जो मैंने इस पर रिफंड की बात की तो यह लोग मना कर रहे हैं कतई मत लिजिए इसे
At first look i thought they must be very fragile due to thread loose like grip but this is super strong , used many floss till date , but this one is the best , one floss can easily get throught a week or even 10 days , superb quality
Good quality & also it gives mint flavor while usingA 6 star product. (But a bit expensive)
as per review, it was 50/50.. been using from the past 1.5 month i believe and so it good.. just buy once and you're good to go.
Not the most user-friendly toothpick..The package received seemed to be very old and low quality
Is product ko bindaas online mangalen quality bahot acchi aur bahot economic pad raha hai 1 piece  15 days se use kar raha hoon
VALUE FOR MONEY
regret1. plastic waste created2. Cant use properly due to big handle3. thicker thread not able to get inbetween teeth, became useless
Nice
Ok product...bought for my daughter its ok not fully satisfied with the purpose
The floss wire is too thick and not suitable for normal teeth.
The thread quality is quite good, it's waxed so it easily gets even between the teeths with no space at all.The compact size makes it travel friendly.All in all a good product.
Good but expensive
Good
Very good
Standard good quality unflavoured floss but it’s too expensive on Amazon.
Good Durability
The Colgate one is a little dry-er which helps with grip.Oral B is better laced with mint, looks better, just a little more luxurious to use.If you have never flossed, trust me you're missing out.Flossing will improve your dental health and its simple to do.Not painful or cumbersome. I do it while I watch tv post dinner.Also improves your breath.
Very good quality
Need more strength in the string . It’s easily breaking
Mint flavor. But the thread gets split after flossing half of my teeth, as if its not strong enough.
I earliar used the oral b essential floss and Colgate floss and both of them had plastic string which caused bleeding inside the gums. This one is very soft and is professional in quality and does not injure the gums. This was made in USA and oral b should make the same thing available in India. Excellent quality and must buy. This is what floss should be like. Good minty taste as well. Does not shred.
I have been using this dental floss daily for more than a month. It is perfect but a little costly.
It's a request to Oral-B that please stop the production of your normal floss "ESSENTIAL" which is actually a thread and keep the "PRO EXPERT" one at a moderate price.
This floss is good but overpriced. I wish they priced it less than 250 rupees.
Good product but difficult to use. I feel floss sticke are easier than this thread. As it's expensive I am using it with some difficulty.
Floss like velvet! There’s no turning back.
My dentist has been recommended me to use floss every night so I search this floss by Oral-B.It has been very useful for me remove tiny particles from my teeth from very small space where brush can't reach.Good for anyone thinking to buy the floss in budget.
If you use this floss you will not look back. This is the best floss in Indian market. Alternatives like Colgate and Oral-B for Indian market just suck infront of this
Very good
Undoubtedly the best floss I’ve used. Little overpriced though.
Strong
Good cleaning and non irritant.
Great
The package was torn and the floss doesn't look that good. But according to price, I'm satisfied. Quality is poor but can use for one time.
Good one. Thread Does not break easily. Cleanse thoroughly.
Good product.i use this very well..
Very good product
Easy to use and of reasonably good quality
Works well. No issues
Thek hai.
Good quality.
I had been using floss pics & used flossing thread alone for the first time.I found The quality of this flossing tread  is good and can very well clean front upper & lower teeth but IS NOT ABLE TO CONVENIENTLY CLEAN THE MOLARS-CHEWING TEETH whereas the quality of thread in the flossing picks is not that durable as it often breaks while it is pushed through some very closely oriented teeth But you can clean every nook & corner of the teeth with the flossing pick. So I feel that the FLOSSING PICKS are  better for flossing but costly & uneconomical whereas the flossing threads are highly durable & very economical & if you learn the technique of cleaning chewing teeth with flossing thread, then nothing like flossing thread to clean your teeth followed by brushing.
Excellent
wish the shipping cost was lower. all else great item.
It's good
                    The media could not be loaded.                 Out of three, one is without floss.Kindly replace, or refund Rs 110.
nice. recommended
Thin ones so it doesn’t make the tooth gap wider
Nice flavour. It is easy to use.
Colgate floss which was once better they became worseoral b is also worsefloss is stiff like fishing wire,,gets stuck in between teethpls make good ones
Good quality product and delivery
I have been a loyal user of Colgate's dental floss for years, appreciating its gentle yet effective cleaning. It was one of the best, (if not the only) floss that was so gentle on my teeth.However, my latest experience with their new version has been deeply disappointing and horrible. Colgate appears to have changed the composition of the floss, and this has drastically impacted its usability.To be plain with words, the new version just SUCKS! It is excessively rough and abrasive.Initially, I thought I might have received a defective product, but repeated use confirmed that the quality has indeed deteriorated. Each time I floss, the rough texture causes discomfort and even pain to my gums. This is a significant departure from the previous version, which was very smooth and comfortable to use for years and years.It's not only me, my parents had the same observation after using it. And after reading the recent reviews, I know that I am not alone.The increased roughness doesn't translate to better cleaning. Instead, it feels harsh and has caused irritation and bleeding in my gums, which I never experienced with the older version. The floss seems to have lost its quality of being effective and gentle.What's most frustrating is the lack of communication about this change. There was no indication on the packaging that the floss had been redesigned, so I was completely taken by surprise. This lack of transparency has left me feeling deceived and disappointed.The new version is a step back in quality. It's too rough and causes discomfort, vastly different from the excellent floss it used to be. I am now trying to find an alternative, as I can no longer use this floss.Giving it 1 star, solely because a negative number wasn't available. I strongly suggest Colgate to reconsider this recent change to avoid the harm to the brand name.
Good
It's not the original Colgate dental floss which I was using before it's very brittle and threads starts coming out and get trapped between the teeth....
I have been using colgate dental floss for quite awhile now, but this time They have made it thicker and added some kind of mint layer on it. It doesn’t glide smoothly in and out between your teeth's now as older one used to….!!! Whoever has came with this idea of changing the perfect product should be fired immediately 🤬😡
Received very bad quality floss, not waxed at all. Not expected from Amazon !
While the floss is effective, it is just plastic that is mass produced. Selling price is too high for this one time utility item. Shreds too much and easily around teeth crevices. A similar, competing product from a well-known brand is better.
I am using Colgate floss for the last two years. Bought this last month, it is a duplicate product which is Very rough and hard. Not even close to the smoothness of the real Colgate floss.
The thread is uneven, it has some cream stuck to it which tastes very bad when you floss.
I have been using Coalgate Dental Floss since the last 10-12 years. Always purchased it from Amazon India. I think Coalgate had changed the product or Heavens know what, it feels like a kite thread now. I purchased a 10 piece pack from another seller, and had to throw all away, as it is non returnable. Still decided to try another seller and hence purchased it from this seller, had to throw this one away too, Then I decided to try another Brand, purchased from Amazon, another brand of dental floss, the seller claims to have it imported from Britain, This one felt like the original Coalgate dental floss. Please don't waste your money here.
It’s a nice floss and toothpick in one stick. Very handy and sturdy.
Very good
Okay for budget wise.But thread is not cotton, more like plastic.Tooth pick width is less, hard to grip.On other hand its very sturdy and durable.
Simple and effective product good to clean gap between teeth much better than toothpick
Just go for it
Contains 50 tooth pricked, which can be used both ways as tooth prick as well as floss. Good one to buy if you are getting a piece nearly @3 rs.
Its really good quality product. The thread is strong and easily pulling anything stuck between teeth. This is second time I purchased it.
The design is perfect but the plastic quality is poor. Broke very fast. Whole pack may work for a year. So go for it.
Not bad. Usable.
Good one strong and perfect for flossing, I liked it
Easy to use and cleaning teeth is effortless, does the job in an excellent way. Reaches areas which the brush can never clean.
I recently purchased the Agaro Oral Irrigator from Amazon, and I must say, it has exceeded my expectations. As someone who takes dental hygiene seriously, this product has become an essential part of my daily routine.Right from the moment I opened the package, I could tell that the Agaro Oral Irrigator was designed with quality in mind. The build feels sturdy and well-constructed, giving me confidence in its durability. The setup was a breeze; the instructions were clear and straightforward, making it easy for even a novice like me to get started.The performance of this oral irrigator is where it truly shines. The water pressure settings are adjustable, allowing me to customize the experience to my comfort level. The pulsating water jets effectively remove food particles and plaque from hard-to-reach areas, leaving my mouth feeling incredibly clean and refreshed. I've noticed a significant improvement in the overall cleanliness of my teeth and gums since incorporating the Agaro Oral Irrigator into my routine.One of the standout features is the generously sized water reservoir, which eliminates the need for frequent refills during use. The battery life is impressive as well; I've been able to use it for multiple sessions before needing to recharge.Cleaning the device is a breeze, thanks to its detachable components and user-friendly design. It's also relatively compact, making it convenient for travel.Overall, I couldn't be happier with my purchase of the Agaro Oral Irrigator. It's efficient, effective, and user-friendly. If you're looking to elevate your oral hygiene game, I highly recommend giving this product a try. It has certainly become an indispensable addition to my daily routine.Kudos to Agaro for creating a top-notch oral irrigator that delivers on its promises!
I recently made the switch from a Travel Oral Irrigator to the Ultra Oral Irrigator, and the differences between the two are worth noting. Functionally, both deliver effective results at a fraction of the cost of the Colgate irrigator. However, the Ultra Irrigator stands out in a few key aspects.One notable difference is the charging technology. While the Travel Irrigator boasts a convenient USB Type-C port, the Ultra Irrigator opts for a two-pin technology. Personally, I would have preferred a uniform USB Type-C charging for the sake of convenience—carrying one less charger during travels would have been a definite plus.When it comes to portability, both irrigators are equally convenient for on-the-go use. However, the Travel Irrigator's charging port is protected by a secure rubber cap that remains attached to the unit. On the other hand, the Ultra Irrigator features a removable cap, which, while not a dealbreaker, does pose a risk of misplacement over time.An advantage of the Ultra Oral Irrigator is its larger water tank, providing a more extended use before needing a refill compared to the Travel Irrigator. Additionally, the Ultra model comes at a more budget-friendly price point.It's worth noting that the nozzles for both irrigators are interchangeable, adding to the versatility of these devices.Despite a few shortcomings, such as the cap design and charging port, I would confidently recommend the Ultra Oral Irrigator. Its larger water tank and affordability make it a compelling choice. As for durability, only time will tell, but I'm optimistic based on my positive experiences so far.
I appreciate your thorough and positive review of the Agaro Oral Irrigator. It seems like a great enhancement to your dental care routine, with its durable build, adjustable water pressure, and efficient cleaning capabilities. Your feedback on the setup, design, and overall performance is valuable for others considering this product. Well done to Agaro for delivering a top-notch oral irrigator that has met or exceeded your expectations!
I recently started using the Agaro Ultra portable oral irrigator 200, and it has exceeded my expectations. Its compact design makes it incredibly convenient for travel, and the performance is impressive. The water pressure is just right, providing a thorough and refreshing clean for my teeth and gums. Overall, I highly recommend the Agaro Ultra for anyone looking for a reliable and portable oral irrigator.
Product working ok. Satisfied
Built quality is looking good & premium 👍 looking forward for day to day long term use to secure my teeth from tooth🦷 enemies like plague & Tartar.
Ease of use and flexible makes the product reliable and good.
* Good on Price* Easy to operate* Single charge lasts for more than a week. But slowly the speed reduces compared to the initial few days post full charging.* 4 Speed variations available. But I only use 'custom' mode. The pressure of water is comfortable in this mode. I tried other modes, but the pressure of water was extremely strong (sort of hurting) so I did not use them.* Easy to remove nozzle* Portable to carryOverall a satisfying experience till today. I've bought it a month before, so I got to use it for few more months and then fully trust & express  my views on this water flosser.
A review is required for getting warranty.Review - The product seems good, no broken items. The packaging is good and instructions for usage are very clear. We can customise the water pressure.
Useful
Good 👍
As can be seen in the photo posted here after just the first use the nylon thread starts coming off. It is of extremely low quality. It gets stuck between the teeth. This is the first time I have used such low quality nylon floss tooth pick.I had to throw it away as it just doesn't stay in one single threaded floss after even single use.
Delicate.But, value for money at this price.
Easy to use
Floss thread is a bitthick and does not slip between the teeth
Good for tooth cleaning
Good for the price.  Also docy that since 1 time use product is it allowed?
Thread is weak.
Plastic seems of ok quality but the packet was filed
Use it every 5 days once. Clean the gaps. Then use mouthwash to rinse. You can maintain ur oral heigiene.
Good product but box type better keep storage
Useful for teeth flossing
It's an average product and the rear end is very thick to work as a toothpick. Floss in the front is okay.
The tip of it could be made a little sharper to go in between the gaps of the tooth.
Very convenient to use. The floss itself is quite good quality
Not easy to use, at least for me and my wife.
Good quality at reasonable price.
Comfortable in use. Good quality product.Buying recommendation
The gadget is nice and handy , a great product that can be used while traveling.Material and build quality is good  and has use ful attachments as well.Love the product
It is good product, especially since I am not used to much with flossing with a thread. So I purchased as a start to flossing and will eventually add thread flossing, hopefully.The design is good and easy to use, except I found the water tank cap a bit flimsy. Other than that, did not find any issues!!
                    The media could not be loaded.                 I recently invested in the AGARO Ultra Plus Dental Flosser and the performance has been exemplary. The pressure it provides is commendable, ensuring a thorough cleaning even in the trickiest of spots, making my dental care routine significantly more effective. The variety in cleaning modes is a thoughtful feature, catering to different flossing needs. Aesthetically, it sports a sleek black design which is pleasing to the eye. The portability aspect is a bonus; being cordless and rechargeable, it’s a breeze to carry along during travels. Its compact design does not compromise on efficiency, making it a reliable companion for maintaining dental hygiene effortlessly wherever I go.
Product is perfect in this range and all the attachments are best designed for the work defined for it.
Good product. Decent cleansing capabilities. Relatively easier to handle. Travel pouch is very useful.
I have simply loved the water flosser in every way,A)it's water capacity 300ml is excellent to go one round front and inside flossing of upper or lower set.B) one time charging lasts a very long time .C)the quality of this flosser is excellent,and a carry pouch is quite sturdy for taking it along while travelling.
Product is sturdy and handy,,  1st experience is after using this product-needs some practice ,, so looking forward..
Works great for me. The four modes are really useful as it is a little too strong on your gums, but what would also differ from person to person. There was no leakage in my unit and it was airtight. The battery life of the product is also good. But too soon for me to judge the battery life now.On the whole works well and REALLY does the flossing. It will tak some time to get used to it otherwise thumbs up.Just a heads up, do not start with the normal mode on the first time as you'll need some practicing, as you could cut yourself(gum).
This product is compact and easy to use, used an another brand full size flosser before. But water pressure is bit low comapred to old one
Easy to use and maintain.
I received this product to try. Love it. And good service provide by seller
Always my go-to dental floss.
This ORAL B Satin floss is stronger than the other cheaper ones available from Colgate .If other floss keeps breaking for you , then go for this one .It also gives a good mint freshness to your mouth.
Very fragile box. It broke the moment I opened it.
This doesn't separate into thin strings. Superior quality for sure.
After colgate's new,pathetic floss, found oral b SATIN line to be the best. Cleansing well, does not fray. Gets into tight spaces
Wider floss is any day better than normal floss. It is must for every household.
Took a while to try and get the floss rollingThe mint flavour is not there
Cannot say if it is value for money as I think these are bit expensive. But no compromise with the quality.By the way since this is the only product I have used , I dont have anything else to compare against.
Not bad, does it's job
The thread splits at times.
The thread get split and small fibers get stuck in teeth. Oral B to take this seriously as the brand trust is getting lost
Very thin and plasticky. Feels very sharp to the gums.
Small fibers are coming out of a single floss and get stuck in the teeth. Don't buy this useless product
Say Goodbye to Bad Breath!With Hopesmile 3 in 1 Dental Floss Picks, bad breath is a thing of the past. These picks not only remove food particles but also leave my mouth feeling incredibly fresh. The sturdy build of the picks ensures they won't break or fray during use. My confidence has soared since incorporating these into my daily routine.
Good quality awesome product easy to use cleaning clear teeth and gums useful product and very hygiene thing love it
Great Value for Superior Quality!Don't let the affordable price fool you; these Hopesmile Dental Floss Picks are of exceptional quality. The pack of 50 ensures I'm stocked up for weeks, if not months, of regular use. The ergonomic design makes them easy to handle, and the effectiveness in cleaning surpasses other brands I've tried. Definitely worth every penny!
Good quality, easy and comfortable to use,Keeps teeth clean,Effective product must buy.
Very easy to use and now it has become an essential part of my routine
Very good quality and effective.
Helps to remove plaque easily. Thank you DentoShine. Thank you amazon..
Good for flossing. Other end in not fine enough for tooth pick use
It helps a lot
Good
It's very useful to people who have wide gaps between their teeth like me.The floss is very thin and removes all the excess food
Not good. The ends are so thin and fragile and breaks when trying to clean the teeth.
Happy patients
This toothpicks are much effective than normal stick toothpicks
I bought this flosser after reading many positive reviews and I am glad I did. It is easy to use, has a large water tank, and comes with different pressure settings and modes. It cleans my teeth very well and makes my mouth feel fresh. It is also cordless and waterproof, which makes it convenient to use anywhere. , this is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good oral flosser.
Caresmith professional water flosser is the first product I am using for my dental care. It is really nice, easy to use, works as effective cleaner. I would recommend everyone to buy this product if someone is planning to go for one water flosser.
Easy to use.Easy to handle.And budget friendly.I loved this product. With all required features. Fits in my hand and 360degrees rotatable tip allows to reach hard areas also.I highly recommend Caresmith brand to everyone.It motivates me to clean gums and teeth regularly and maintain teeth hygeine.
Extremely good product, easy to use. Reaches the corner most part of the mouth. Gives a fresh and clean feeling. Spray is gentle and soothing on the gums.
I bought this on the Recommendation of my dentist and I would definitely say that this product is very useful for cleaning the mouth cavities even though I found the water pressure little more which is annoying to the gums and this effect was even after the use of soft key button the controlled use of the product certainly helps but if the control is lost then the gums or other inner parts of the mouth they get a little pressurized water and that creates a bit annoying. The performance and battery life is very good for all the product is very easy to operate and deliver if used in exact way.
I have seen other flossers also this one is quite easy to use, simple and a very good one. Battery lasts quite long after charging hence very useful even if you are going outstations.Highly recommended product.
Writing this review after using it for more than a month and the product is just amazing, gets the job done with minimum fuss, very easy to use and maintain. A perfect device for your oral health.
The product works as advertised and cleans effectively. Unfortunately, the device is very top heavy and topples at the slightest touch aaannd the jet tip (the nozzle) breaks at the first fall. Worse, the base part stays lodged inside the device and we have to do a lot of song and dance to get it out.My flosser has toppled just 2 times in the last one month since purchase and each time, a nozzle broke and I am down to the last spare that came with the package.Also there is no option to buy a new spare. I searched on amazon and found that the spares are not in stock. Also, the reviews there indicate the nozzles don't fit this model anyway.So within a month, I am forced to look out for a new option and I hate that.
Quality of the flosser seems good. The water pressure is very strong. Only been able to use it till the 3rd or 4th setting so far. I like that it's not noisy... just a very minimal sound which i don't mind at all. The plastic water nozzles worry me though. I think I might end up breaking them at some point. A bit of stainless steel parts on the product would have been great. The on and off button is not easy to use. I find myself struggling to switch it off in time. It's very simple and easy to set up. The pause mode is very helpful. So in the pause mode it only starts when the button is pressed. I think i'm going to be using that setting most of the time. On the piece that i got.. the rubber part covering the charging port does not stay in place and keeps coming off but i guess that's not something that would be common on all the other flossers. Overall it's a very good product and i'm quite happy with it.
I liked - Trendy design, Smooth functioning, Easy to use and handle, Good material is used, so we get a good feel.I disliked - on-off button and pause button should have been a bit distant from each other. There should be a separate pause button, To avoid spillage of water from mouth, the flosser needs to be paused often to spit out excess water. The flosser tips should have a little more acute angle at the top, so that the manipulations are easier.Rest every thing is user friendly.
They are with best quality, I have serched all stores and medical in Gulbarga but nowhere got these here.....and I was not sure whether I get good on online or not.....but this online delivery really made me happy and belive agian on amazon and here I express my love with 5 star rating
Worth keeping it as a tool to extract the hidden things in your mouth.
Good product
Good product. Delivery charges are insane.
Easy to use
You can buy it.
It's good quality.
Effective
Probably the best quality flosser
Good
Just ok,item received in time delivery, good packaging,nice design
                    The media could not be loaded.                 this product are very nice and value  for  money. this tooth picks very good quality and.  i recommend to buy this product for your teeth
Awesome 👍
Food remnants get stuck in teeth. The decay and cause infection, pyorrhea of teeth, painful and causing teeth to fall.  Use of Dental Floss cleaned my teeth.
Useful
While the back curve is a nice feature, the thread itself is very weak. Compared to other products, it gets loose sometimes in the first tooth itself. Avoid.
My daily use stuff. Good
Good product and good for cleaning teeth
Thread not good. Breaks while cleaning teeth
Very good
Good quality
                    The media could not be loaded.                 बहुत ही गंदा प्रोडक्ट है जो मैंने इस पर रिफंड की बात की तो यह लोग मना कर रहे हैं कतई मत लिजिए इसे
Not sturdy feels like cheaply made but justifies its price for one time use. Recommended.
The package contained only about 20pcs instead of 100pcs. Took almost 20 days to get delivered.
I like it.
The production of it is very raw, plus the threads come of easy. It makes it all difficult to use the floss properly and effectively.I personally wouldn't go for it again.There are better available, at a lil higher price, but they'd last better and leave you more satisfied at least.
Good for tooth cleaning.
Helpful product
In the description it said it was 100 count and I only received one package with 25 count, so I paid for 100 and I only received 25.
It is good.
Not bad
Ullu banaya gaya 100 piece bolke sirf 20 piece bheje
The Perfora water flosser has revolutionized my dental care routine. Its sleek design and user-friendly features make it a must-have device. The water pressure settings can be customized to suit individual needs, ensuring a gentle yet effective cleaning experience. The pulsating water jets reach every nook and cranny, removing plaque and debris effortlessly.With its compact size and generous water tank, the Perfora water flosser is incredibly convenient. Refills are minimal, making it ideal for daily use. The battery life is impressive, providing extended use on a single charge. Whether at home or on the go, the Perfora water flosser has become an essential part of my oral care routine. If you seek a reliable and efficient alternative to traditional flossing, I highly recommend investing in the Perfora water flosser. You won't be disappointed!
I had never imagined flossing to be a fun thing, I used to floss the traditional way, but since I started using this electronic water flosser, I haven’t looked back. A great way to save up bucks on dental visits (not replaceable of course). Pretty much handy. Cute colours available. Comes with a travel pouch.The water jet removes plaque and debris from those tough corners. And it’s wireless too. Comfortable to move and manoeuvre. Efficient water pressure and different modes of operation.
I did not know I needed a water flosser before buying this Perfora flosser. Its a really user-friendly device. The water pressure settings can be customized to suit individual needs, ensuring an effective cleaning experience. There are three different modes of water jets to choose from which will help you reach every nook and cranny of your mouth, removing plaque and debris effortlessly.With its compact size and waterproof design, the device is incredibly convenient and easy-to-use. The battery life is impressive, providing extended use on a single charge. The Perfora water flosser has become an essential part of my oral care routine. If you seek a reliable and efficient flossing device, I highly recommend getting the Perfora Water Flosser.
I've been using the Perfora Power Flosser for a few days and I'm really impressed. It's made a big difference in my oral health. My teeth feel cleaner and my gums are healthier.The Perfora Power Flosser is easy to use and has 3 cleaning modes to customize your cleaning experience. It's portable and rechargeable, and the water pressure is adjustable.Overall, I think the Perfora Power Flosser is a great product. It's powerful, effective, and easy to use. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a way to improve their oral health.main things areThe Perfora Power Flosser is effective at cleaning teeth and gums.It has 3 cleaning modes and adjustable water pressure.It's portable and rechargeable.I would recommend it to anyone looking to improve their oral health.
works well but it leaks out quickly
recently purchased the Perfora  Portable Water Flosser and I must say that I am quite impressed with its performance. As someone who is consistently on-the-go, this device has truly made my life a lot easier.The flosser comes with four different nozzle options, which makes cleaning every corner of my mouth an easy task. The water pressure is adjustable and quite strong, which quickly and thoroughly removes any food particles that are trapped between my teeth and along the gum line.The device is compact and lightweight, which makes it very travel-friendly. I have taken it with me on several business trips, and it has never let me down.The water reservoir is fairly small, so if you’re planning on using it for an extended period of time, you may need to refill it a few times. That said, the refill process is quick and easy.Overall, I have had a great experience with the Perfora Portable Water Flosser. It is a great investment for anyone who is always on the go, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a high quality, portable water flosser.
                    The media could not be loaded.                 This is a well-designed and carefully thought-out flosser that has replaced my need for traditional flossers. With this flosser, I can floss accurately and with the proper force.As someone who values dental hygiene, I am always looking for innovative products that can help me maintain a healthy smile. Recently, I tried out the Perfora Power Water Dental Flosser, which exceeded my expectations in terms of performance and efficiency.Right off the bat, I was impressed by the modern and sleek design of the Perfora Power Water Dental Flosser. It fits comfortably in my hand, and the controls are easy to navigate, even for those who have never used a water flosser. The user-friendly interface allows me to adjust the water pressure to my preferred level, which is excellent for sensitive or tougher gum areas.Here are some of the pros and cons I found:Pros:- Sleek and modern design, comfortable to hold and use.- Intuitive controls for easy operation, suitable for all users.- Adjustable water pressure to cater to different gum sensitivities.- Large water reservoir capacity for longer flossing sessions.- Multiple interchangeable nozzles, ideal for two people.- Compact design and comes with a pouch to carry.Cons:- It comes with their proprietary charging pin instead of USB C (why perfora :/ )- This model comes with only two nozzles. Another Smart Water Dental Flosser model has five nozzles and USB-C charging port.- It is challenging to reach the inner side of gums and remove hard plaque already deposited. Suggest visiting the dentist and getting the scaling done at least twice yearly.PS: Amazon packaging and handling were pretty bad, and it damaged the water storage one (you can refer to the attached video and pic) - I deducted 1 star for this!
I recently purchased the Water Flosser from Perfora and I am extremely satisfied with my purchase. This flosser not only offers a thorough cleaning experience. But it is also very reasonably priced compared to other options available in the market.The three different flossing modes (Normal, Pulse, and Point) cater to various needs ensuring a customized and comfortable flossing experience. One aspect that I particularly appreciate about this flosser is its versatility. It allows me to use different liquids such as mouthwash or lukewarm water alongside regular water for flossing.This feature enhances my oral hygiene routine and provides a refreshing sensation in my mouth. Additionally. The water resistance of the flosser adds convenience and durability to its features. Overall the Water Flosser from Perfora has surpassed my expectations in terms of effectiveness, affordability, versatility, and durability. Thus I highly recommend it!
Perfora's Power Water Flosser stands out as one of the top choices in the market. Notably, it's proudly Indian-made, offering exceptional quality that's hard to beat. With an affordable price tag, it's a must-have for anyone tired of traditional flossing methods that can cause discomfort and gum pain. This water flosser provides a painless and efficient alternative, saving you the recurring expense of purchasing dental floss. While the higher-end smart flosser boasts additional features like Type C compatibility, extra accessories, and multiple modes, they may not be essential for everyone, especially considering the price increase. Invest in Perfora's Power Water Flosser for healthier gums and teeth. Happy flossing!
The product is easy to use. I ordered it for my father. Being a dentist myself i feel it is the most affordable and effective choice amongst water flossers.
I like to usem them.
This dental floss is fantastic! It's compact and easy to carry in my bag, making it perfect for on-the-go use. Despite its small size, it doesn't compromise on quality.I've used many dental floss brands in the past, but this one stands out. It's incredibly strong and doesn't break or shred, even when used between tight teeth.
Very useful. Good quality at this price range. Easily cleens the gaps in the teeth where food gets stuck.
These floss picks feature a combination of dental floss and toothpick, making it easy to remove food particles and plaque between teeth and gums.
i have ortho braces and its very usefull for even everyone. the thread is very gentle to remove any lodged food in between teeth.these are very user friendly who is a beginner too and helps in avoiding cavity.i use this everyday at night.
Very sturdy and good quality. Cleans teeth very well. Must buy for a good oral hygiene.
Teeth is very clean
I have tried many of Dental Floss. But this is the best of among them. More durable. Not broken quickly.Update: I gave 5 star on my first review, but on last purschase, toothpick break easy, even first use. So i give 4 star.
Very bad quality floss. If there was negative grade, I wud be happy to give. Not worth buying.
Very Sturdy and very good quality product. Easy to use and value for money.

Very Bad quality, pick keeps breaking , very thick size , not convenient.
Reasonable Price, works well, floss is good, useful for daily use..
Quality not good as expected
Not even 30 pcs in the box they said pack of 40.
Toothpick quality is strong and flexible too. Toothpick wires are strong and non harmful. Color combination is pretty good ☺️ Easy to clean teeth. Happy with the product
                    The media could not be loaded.                 This is best as a teeth cleaning tool. It. Was recommended by my doctor to use it and I ordered it this is an amazing product.
Review posted at 6 weeks of use.My search for an appropriate portable water flosser for good dental hygiene ended here after having tried out many expensive and reputed brands purchased overseas and giving up on them, or rather they giving up on me.Proud that this Made in India product has not only an excellent finish (looks imported!) but the design too is very well thought of and very functional. Appropriately placed buttons, just the right options for settings (modes), perfect hold, good capacity (water volume), suitable nozzles and ease of use are a user's delight. Did not have to recharge the battery in the last 6 weeks despite of using twice a day. Using it for the first time needs a little practice though to get used to, as is for most water flossers. A word of caution for novices. Make sure the lips are closed before you press the On button, aim at the gums or between teeth, hold the water in and press the Off button before opening lips and emptying water from the mouth. Mistiming the On/Off button can damage lips, enough to cause a tear even with Soft mode, or have water all over the place. Not difficult, one just needs to know this rather than use trial and error. This flosser is extremely effective for cleaning between the teeth. Gets rid of all residue between the teeth be it fibres/ stands from fruit, green leafies or non-vegetarian food.Do not have to use the (string) floss any more.As a medical consultant I would strongly recommend the product for maintaining good dental hygiene.
The MEDITIVE Water Flosser impressed me with its cordless convenience and effective teeth cleaning. The compact design is user-friendly, and the adjustable water pressure provides a customized experience. It's a reliable dental tool for maintaining oral hygiene on the go.
Good quality. Supplied accessories are good but promised days for battery to last is wrong.
Pretty useful I would say, has adequate pressure to clean between the teeth, and it has 350 ml water capacity which helps in getting full mouth clean in one go, I've been using it for almost a month now, gum line looks more clean... And charging is also good, once charged it's good for at least 10 to 12 days
This product is handy and rechargeable so easy to carry. Pressure is absolutely  perfect to clean teeth.
This is one of the great product from meditive.I have used this product, which is very easy to use and comfort.Quality of this product is also fine.If you guys looking for any kind of teeth cleaning gadgets, this could be a good choice with portable option.
Each and every family should have this product. just buy this, use it atlease weekly once and save thousands of money paying for dental clinic. this one is superb product.
Only problem is batteries are not replacable. So one battery gone you need to throw the product. Can not use product while charging.
Good for maintaining oral health. Seller provides best customer service. Overall good.
I'm using this product since 6 months best value for money I've got also charging stays longer than expected. The tank capacity is big so no need to refills fast it lasts long best value for money strongly recommend.
I used first time water flosser , this is amazing. Before the purchase i researched about flosser after that i decided that "I will purchase a flosser of that brand those truly belong from dentistry". Now I have waldent water flosser. Thanks you Amazon and waldent.
Item looks good and it's too early to  share a detailed review. We'll get to know in long run
Easy to Use and EffectiveI've never been a fan of flossing, but the MyOra water flosser changed that. It's straightforward to operate, and the water pressure options are handy. My gums feel healthier, and it's become a part of my daily routine.
"Effective Alternative to Regular FlossI've been using the MyOra flosser alongside my regular dental routine, and I've noticed a significant improvement in the cleanliness of my teeth and gums.I feel confident in recommending it to others."
Not very easy to hold in hand and use. The water gets over by the time you have adjusted the nozzle.
Water spreads all over the space and on ourself.
Efficient and Effective!I've been using the MyOra Cordless Water Flosser for a couple of weeks now, and I'm really impressed. Battery life is impressive. Definitely a good addition for my oral hygiene routine!
Gentle on GumsMy gums are sensitive, but the MyOra flosser was gentle enough for me. Started with the lowest pressure and worked my way up. Feels great, and my teeth seem cleaner.
"Clean Teeth, Happy MeGot the MyOra flosser a, and I'm hooked. Love how clean my teeth feel after using it. Super easy, and I like the different modes. Thumbs up!"
"Surprisingly FunFlossing used to be boring. Not anymore! MyOra adds some fun to my routine. Happy with how clean it leaves my teeth."
This is such a beautiful  product and also cute.
It's really nice
Good
Ok..ok.. product...not great
Recived defective item and no possibility of exchange/refund.  Loss of money
This product is super useful. Available at Reasonable price. I used this product and can say that it is amazing.  Happy to my purchase.
Really satisfied with this product .
Very good product at very low price.  Amazing and useful for because its easy to use. Best product.
Frist the previous review is misleading. Secondly, I don't all the items like tongue cleaners and toothbrush nozzle and flosser don't work well. The pressure is too low. And the customer care were not picking up the phone. I may complain NCH if they don't refund. Very disappointing wasting so much time and money
Good product
The thread is weak but does the job. Its affordable and effective.
good quality product and simple to use
It’s not good as expected
It is non-slippery , and hence we can hold it firmly with few coils of thread. So there is less material wastage. It is round shape and can easily go between the teeth.
A reasonable product & ease of procurement serve the purpose.
Easy to use and strong thread.Worth it.
Colgate provides waxed ones...bt thermoseal  floss r good  fr begginers.
The product is brittle, can be better.
Frays/breaks too easily. Very slippery. Made in China, not mentioned anywhere in product decription.Useless and waste of time. Forget the discounts, go with reputed brands like Oral-B or Colgate.
The product is amazing. The quality is top notch and it is definitely worth the price.Will be recommending it friends & family as well.
It is not useful at all. It doesn't spay, water leaks from the center
It's very useful to remove floss from teeth...very good for daily use..best one...Satish M A
Can improve water jetting pressure
This dental floss is very easy to use. Quality and portability is good.
As a water jet, it has no force at all. It simply can not clean anything with its force. I want to return it for a full refund and waiting for guidance in the matter.
whoever designed this product either has a very poor understanding of basic physics or is intentionally trying to cheat customers. to all the lucky ones who have not yet bought this please stay away.
LIONWY Speed Dental Care Water-Jet Flosser Air Is ok ok as we cannot expect more than this. Water chamber is very small and water pressure depends upon how quick and forcibly you apply pressure on pressing button.
Some of the food still remains between the teeth and one needs to use dental brush to get it out.
Not impactful
Very good product and serves the purpose. Easy to use and durable. One will last for 5-8 times, depends on how one uses and the gap between the teeth
The floss needs to be little better in quality
I was very impressed with the quality of the product I received. It was exactly what I was hoping for. I recommend to buy this product for Teeth cleaning with hygiene.
I'm not satisfy with this product because the plastic is of cheap quality and the flaw thread is also in very bad state
I have been ordering the products for years. But they have changed the design and degraded the quality of the product. Money on my last order is completely wasted
Used it earlier also but this time the tip of the tooth pick was very fragile. Hope it's not a sales gimmick
The threads are strong, but not as strong as it used to be.
Simply Good.
Two of 3 boxes are not closing properly..
Pros:1. easy to use. good quality plastic.Cons:1. thread break easily if your teeth is seratted. But okay for single use.
Good
The said is good as per rate and also easy to use.
No quality control. A few plastic sticks had holes here and there which shows manufacturing defect. Raw material used even for flossing thread is of low quality.
Very useful for tooth cleaning
The thread is braking up so easily while flosking
Good teeth clean few second and no side effect so everyone buy this product
Easy to use and best material for short time all tooth clean..
Good to handle but cleaning wise ok ok
This is supposed to be a flat tape-like floss, but doesn’t work well if one doesn’t have any gaps between their teeth.
The box was damaged... & the area from where floss comes out is not smooth.. bcoz of that while removing the floss out, it gets tear... not worth it to buy this floss... never recommend this... rather than buy from colgate or gsk

I don’t have any gaps between my teeth and have recently had a filling in my front tooth (of all the places🙄😂) this stuff fits and cleans so well! Even my lower teeth with gaps! Very fast delivery! Very happy customer and will recommend to everyone I know!
This product is really good. Doesn't stick between your teeth so It doesn't cause any damage.
Das Tape kam bei meinem letzten Zahnarztbesuch zum Einsatz, woraufhin ich es mir sofort bestellt habe. Es funktioniert bei sehr engen Zahnzwischenräumen einfach hervorragend und fasert nicht so schnell auf wie normale Zahnseide. Wer mit (un-)gewachster Zahnseide also nicht zurecht kommt, sollte das Tape auf jeden Fall mal ausprobieren.
Questo filo mi è stato consigliato dal mio dentista e devo confermare che è davvero ottimo
<ruban adhésif qui ne quitte pas mon sac à main et qui permet une hygiène dentaire irréprochable
Hilo muy cómodo ya que es gordito y práctico de utilizar con un sabor mentolado
Good product
This isn't reusable. I have attached a picture of it after the first use, after cleaning front row of theeth. I knows it's gross, but I wouldn't have bought if I'd seen somebody shared similar review.
Pathetic....
Excellent. I am using it. It is to my entire satisfaction. There are not many words that can be used.
substandard product
Worst quality. No return policy. Waste of money
Good toothstick it is of good quality and easy to use.
Whenever I have a heavy meal, something usually strucks to my teeth and it takes a lot of effort to remove through wooden toothpick but after ordering and using the product the residues removal from teeth becomes very easy and with less effort and time. The product is handy to use and can carry 2 or 3 floss in men's wallet as well.
Does the job and looks well made with good steel
Excellent designing and the best quality dental cleaning kit
Good quality product would recommend it packaging is also good...
                    The media could not be loaded.                 I use it for clean my teeth
इससे रोज का काम आरान हो गया बहुत सुंदर प्रोडक्ट है जल्दी खराब नही होता और रखने के लिए लाईट वेट है
Very good product for dental cleaning
the product is very useful.
The product is well designed and extra tips ensures a family of 4 can share the base unit and choose their personal jet tip nozzle. Build quality and functioning is very good and jet flow pressure is excellent.  Worth the buy.
The flosser is of good quality.  I am using it for 2 days. It is working fine.Appearance is nice and compact.Makes little noise.The delivery was quick. The product came in good condition.But I was surprised to see that the box was open and not covered with even a plastic bag. This was unlike all other Amazon orders which always come very well-packed.Otherwise happy with the flosser.
                    The media could not be loaded.                 I use Table top Dental Flosser for my oral hygiene. This product comes with different tips  which makes the whole cleaning process very helpful. For under 2.5k I am satisfied with design and build quality as well.
                    The media could not be loaded.                 Caresmith table top water floss is convenient to use and jet tips are very useful in cleaning and removal of food particles. Water tank capacity is sufficient for completing one cycle of cleaning. Useful product for dental care.
Deep and effective cleaning. Easy to use, but slight leakage is observed.
Expensive but good product
Bought for mom who’s been using Waterpik brand (American) for more than 10 years. Good packing and delivered fast. Works well. Waterpik is probably just a little better as goes the working and softness of the water flow. Still for the price it’s great and offers many options. She’s been using it for close to 2 weeks and she’s quite happy with it. Base has suction cups which help in keeping it stable. Water pressure can be increased or decreased as per convenience (which wasn’t available in the Waterpik). There are several nozzle options. Liked the feature of storing the nozzles covered in  the top of the water tank lid. Big water tank. All in all, a value for money product. Also one of the reasons for buying was an amazing warranty. Go for it! Will update after extended use!
Very-2 cheap quality of product as its nozzles got damaged during use on first day ,After Very-2 repeatedly talk with company send me another set of nozzles after 1 month , which again got damaged during use in a week time.So, please anyone donot buy this product at any cost.
Though it's a little early to give a full review, I have used the flosser a few times. It removes food debris in interdental gaps easily.It's best feature is a sufficent water tank capacity.I intend to post more details after using it for a few months
Working fine.
Perfect
Need to learn it's usage.
My mom likes this product and I didn't find it in stores...so got it on Amazon. It has good durability and good for oral hygiene.
It is a very good product for deep cleaning and easy to use as well. Wish it were readily available at pharmacies! Thank you Amazon for procuring for me.
Very useful for people with wider gaps at the bottom end of the teeth.
Good product
Nice
Not easy to use
It was not upto our expectations.
orginal super floss helps to do self cleansing of the teeth and helps to remove all the food particles with ease
Thanks
Ok acceptable product.
I like it!
I like this product
Worrest product
With the age gap is produced between the teeth food parcels especially non-veg gets stuck. It helps smooth evacuation. Ok
Bit costly each pack 20 was available. china product. Quality wise ok
Low quality
Waste item.no use
No return also, so just thrower in dust bin,
I regularly use water flosser to clean my gums and teeth. I purchased first product in Oct 2019. This is my repeat order for the same product - Ace cordless dental flosser from Caresmith.It is a beautiful and reliable product. It has water proof design. It is ergonomically designed - easy to handle and clean teeth. Low noise and long lasting. Battery life is also good. I recommend this product.
Pros:Lightweight and portable.Easy to use.3 different pressure settings.IPX7 waterproof.Long battery life.Cons:- This is just that I am picking: the way to fill water is hard. This is better in their pro series. It is just what I felt others might not feel the same.- It is mentioned that the people with dental implants cannot use it. I brought it for my father but he cannot use it.Overall:I am very happy with the Caresmith Ace Cordless Flosser. It is lightweight and portable, making it easy to take with me when I travel. It is also easy to use, with a simple button interface. The 3 different pressure settings allow me to customize the cleaning experience to my liking. The flosser is also IPX7 waterproof, so I can use it in the shower or over the sink. The battery life is also long, so I don't have to worry about it running out of power mid-flossing.Overall, I would highly recommend the Caresmith Ace Cordless Flosser to anyone looking for a powerful and easy-to-use oral irrigator.Here are some additional positive points about the Caresmith Ace Cordless Flosser:It comes with a variety of nozzles, so you can customize the cleaning experience to your needs.It has a built-in timer, so you can be sure to floss for the recommended amount of time.It is quiet, so you can use it without disturbing others.It is affordable, making it a great value for the money.If you are looking for a high-quality, affordable, and easy-to-use oral irrigator, the Caresmith Ace Cordless Flosser is a great option.
This product is very good and easy to use it in daily life.
Affordable, quality product. Takes a little while getting used to. Been good so far. Friend recommended it.
Been using it for few months.... cleans the in between spaces very efficiently....
Nice for cleaning the teeth and gums as described. In fact the mouth feels very fresh after the clean session.However the product is filled with basic design flaws that users can notice the moment they start using. The designers who built the product most likely have never used the product themselves else they would have seen it and fixed it proactively.1) The snap on water tank lid at the back is very bad quality. The lid never fits into the tank as one expects and looks like it's a size bigger than the intended hole it's supposed to close. The end result is leaking water tank and while using the flosser I have to keep the water from flowing out by keeping my finger pressed against the inlet. Also if the opening to the tank was at the top it would have minimised the discomfort, but it's at the bottom!2) the buttons to change the mode is in the front and the button to release the nozzle is at the back. So when you want to release the nozzle and press it with your thumb your palms accidentally switch on the flosser or change the mode.3) The nozzle sticks pretty hard into the flosser and it's not easy to pull it out with wet hands and this only makes you press the release button more hard which inadvertently pushes on the power button. They should have made a easier grip on the booze to facilitate easy removal.
Easy to use. Since the flossing is done by a water jet coming from a hand held device, lot of time is saved.But it is large sized, a smaller sized would have been more convenient for travel.
It is leaking from charging point, which is serious as it could short circuit. I tried to use it and force of water is more than the delicate gums can sustain. It doesn’t clean the tooth gaps but just flashes the water. Instead you just gargle or use your toothbrush without or very little tooth paste. DONT GO FOR THIS PRODUCT.
the product is functioning well and does what it claims, all accessories everything is given, but the one thing i found difficult regarding this product is they did not provide any user manual or guide, it took me half an hour to completely understand and make it work, if the manual given, it will be easy, and also if the capacity is more, we dont have to fill the water often other than that everything is good.
Good cleaning for food particles
I recently purchased the Oracura OC150 Pro smart water flosser and couldn't be more pleased with its performance. The sleek design and user-friendly interface make it a joy to use. The multiple pressure settings cater to individual preferences, ensuring a comfortable yet effective flossing experience. The smart timer feature is a great addition, reminding me to give each area of my mouth the attention it deserves. The compact size and travel-friendly design make it convenient for on-the-go use. Overall, the Oracura OC150 Pro has elevated my oral hygiene routine, and I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a reliable and efficient water flosser.
It's a great and easy to use product as opposed to traditional thread floss. Runs easily for more than 10 days with single use per day which makes it easy to operate without much charging hassles. The travel box could have been little compact as current one takes too much space. I am deducting 1 star for operating noise which should be worked upon. If you are habitual of flossing in night, this may wake your fellows up. Offers two modes, normal and soft both works well.
I recently added the ORACURA Smart Water Flosser OC001 to my oral care routine, and I can confidently say that it has revolutionized the way I maintain my dental hygiene. This innovative device has quickly become an indispensable tool in my daily regimen, and I'm excited to share my positive experience with it.From the moment I unpacked the OC001, I was impressed by its sleek and modern design. The build quality feels robust and durable, and the compact size makes it easy to store on my bathroom countertop without taking up too much space. The device's intuitive interface and well-placed controls make it incredibly user-friendly, even for those who are new to water flossing.One of the standout features of the OC001 is its customizable water pressure settings. With multiple intensity levels to choose from, I can tailor my flossing experience to match my sensitivity and comfort. The gentle mode is perfect for those with sensitive gums, while the higher pressure settings provide an effective deep clean for a refreshing feeling. The adjustable nozzle rotation is a brilliant addition, allowing me to easily reach all areas of my mouth without straining.The real star of the show, however, is the smart functionality. The OC001 comes with a Bluetooth-enabled app that connects seamlessly to the device. This app not only guides me through the flossing process but also keeps track of my flossing habits and progress. The real-time feedback and reminders ensure that I'm maintaining consistent oral care, which is something I greatly appreciate.The water reservoir is generously sized, eliminating the need for constant refills during a single session. The battery life is impressive as well, as I can go several days between charges. The convenience of not having to constantly worry about charging or refilling makes the OC001 a practical choice for busy individuals.In terms of performance, the OC001 truly shines. The water pressure is consistent and effective, removing food particles and plaque with ease. I've noticed a significant improvement in the cleanliness of my teeth and gums since incorporating this device into my routine. My dental checkups have been noticeably smoother, and my dentist even commended me on the positive changes.To sum it up, the ORACURA Smart Water Flosser OC001 is a game-changer for oral hygiene. Its advanced features, user-friendly design, and smart capabilities make it a standout product in the market. If you're looking to elevate your dental care routine and invest in a device that delivers on its promises, the OC001 is a fantastic choice. I can confidently recommend it to anyone seeking a healthier and more effective way to maintain their oral health.
I bought this as a gift, and it has been much appreciated. Carries charge enough for many flossings (presently not used daily, but whenever the mouth feels grotty with stuck food bits). It greatly reduces plaque build up, and its many attachment nozzles fine tune its efficacy. Plus it's black, attractively shaped and easy to hold and use.
This is far better than using an interdental brush (for my braces) that may lose its bristles after a couple of days' use (and I fear that ingesting the loose bristles may be harmful). Anyway, the Oracura Water Flosser that I purchased is a very good product that I would recommend to people concerned about oral hygiene. The instructions in the manual were clear and easily understood, the packaging was sturdy, and the product is handy. It's easy to clean and store away. It cleans even better than the interdental brush/floss! The process to apply for the warranty after purchase was also smooth and easy to follow. I have not bought the higher-end model with multiple features. The simple water floss feature is more than sufficient for me. Battery life also seems good as I have not had the need to charge it yet after purchase and using it regularly (a few days ago). Would definitely rank it 5/5 for this product.
- Great Build- Elegant design- Multiple connectors to use for different usecases- Easy to use
I recently purchased this Water Flosser approx 3 weeks.First and foremost, the portability of this water flosser is a game-changer. It's so compact and easy to carry, making it perfect for travel or for those with limited counter space in their bathrooms. No more lugging around bulky floss containers!What sets this flosser apart are its three different modes of operation. It caters to individual needs beautifully. Whether you prefer a gentle clean, a standard mode, or an intensive clean, this flosser has you covered. The ability to customize your flossing experience ensures that you can maintain your oral health comfortably and effectively.I was pleasantly surprised by how efficient this water flosser is at removing food particles and debris from between my teeth and along the gumline. My mouth has never felt so clean.In addition to its performance, the build quality is excellent, and the water reservoir is more than sufficient for a thorough flossing session. Cleaning and maintaining the device are a breeze too.If you're serious about your oral hygiene and want a product that's easy to carry, versatile, and highly effective, I highly recommend this Water Flosser!
Releases water with jet speed helping to clean small particulars between teeth.  Not only dental but can be used to clean nostrills in the morning.  Sensory helper product.  Helps in protecting bridges and crowns.
Good product for those who are concerned about teeth hygiene.
Very good product but water capacity less
Good quality floss. Easy to use
The floss is smooth, and does the cleaning without getting caught in the teeth or breaking. It is much better than the other brands I have used so far.
I’ve been using this since years and never had a problem. It’s smooth, glides in easily as is not too thick & doesn’t fray between teeth.
Good quality floss at a reasonable price.
It’s a original product
Great performance.
Great!
Good job.
Product not suitable  for cleaning tooth debris due to less water pressure Hence being returned & order being placed for  better product.
Not sturdy feels like cheaply made but justifies its price for one time use. Recommended.
The package contained only about 20pcs instead of 100pcs. Took almost 20 days to get delivered.
I like it.
The production of it is very raw, plus the threads come of easy. It makes it all difficult to use the floss properly and effectively.I personally wouldn't go for it again.There are better available, at a lil higher price, but they'd last better and leave you more satisfied at least.
Good for tooth cleaning.
Helpful product
In the description it said it was 100 count and I only received one package with 25 count, so I paid for 100 and I only received 25.
It is good.
Not bad
Ullu banaya gaya 100 piece bolke sirf 20 piece bheje
