Good
Nice and effective
It is solution of almost all oral problem.i was facing lot of oral problem before its using but now all problem have been vanished.
Good
Awsm
I have tried many mouthwash some of them were good and few were average  but this is really good one from colgate,I was using Listerine from a long time and have decided to try another and I sticked to this one , working nice on teeth's ,It has reduced plaques in my teeth also soft on teeth's as it is alcohol free .It give freshness to mouth.Its cheap to buy on Amazon and delivery from Amazon is quick ,but this time I received a damaged bottle. Hope Amazon will soon improve there packingI recommend this to everyone
No specific comment
I like it
Good and keeps the mouth fresh for long.
Nice flavour for daily use
Just okay
I bought it on sale, so value for money
great for daily use
Good
ok type product from colgateok type product from colgateok type product from colgate
It is duplicate looks as if water  is added and two bottles are converted into three a price tag in origami is missing  pl call back and check
It wont improve your horrible garlic & onion breath but it will reduce the stench drastically. Use it In the morning After brushing, in the evening before kissing and before going to bed after brushing in the night.
Good taste
Quality is so good easy to use But price is more
It ok it gives nice breeth
Very good
Good Product
Better than all other conventional options, but expensive
Product is good but quantity is less at this price... If you use twice a day the it will get finish in 15 days
Gums bleeding stopped within 2-3 days of usage. I am not an expert so I can't comment on the ingredients but I find it very effective and worked like a charm for me.
Love the product. A doctor friend of mine told that it is genuinely sugar free which makes it easier for me to prescribe it to my folks. The only thing they should upgrade is the freshness factor which is slightly lesser if compared to Listerine or other big brands. Do that and they'll become sole leaders.
I have been pretty choosy about the products I use on my body or consume. Have been using multiple mouth wash products for ages and of course had to settle for the once dominating market, just coz of the ease, price, and availability but the burning sensation while using them has dissuaded me always.Dente91 Mouth Wash definitely resolves this while ensuring I don't end up having a dry mouth..Not sure what lactoferrin is, but who cares--- "Finders Keepers" ;)
I think its a fine product. You feel fresh for hours after using it.
Only negative is price. It's little expensive
Too costly
Item is very use full and i liked this product
Listerine Cool Mint Mouthwash definitely leaves your mouth feeling clean and refreshed. However, the intensity of the minty flavor can be a bit much for some people.Pros: Germ-fighting power:  There's no denying that Listerine does that powerful "clean feeling" that  indicates it's working hard at killing germs. Long-lasting freshness: The minty sensation will linger for a good amount of time after use. Value pack: Getting three bottles is a decent deal if you know you'll use them all.Cons: Overpowering mint: Some may find the initial coolness almost burning; it can be harsh on sensitive mouths. Leaves a dry feeling: It can leave your mouth feeling dry after extended use. Preference-based: If you don't enjoy very strong mint, this isn't the mouthwash for you.Overall: Listerine Cool Mint is effective at giving your mouth a deep clean and refreshing feeling.  However, if you have a sensitive mouth or aren't a fan of intense mint flavors, be aware that this might not be the best option.  Those who can tolerate the strong flavor will likely be happy with the cleaning power!
Very good
Good one
Going to use it twice a week after brushing only after dinner, as it contains -OH. Overall, a steal deal. Great.
It cause burning sensation but it is effective.
It good for rinsing teeth before sleep. You can use it after drink and it will hide the alcoholic smell .
I like
Good test and cool mint. Getting fresh energy after mouth wash.
effective but very strong burning taste
Just okay
I bought it on sale, so value for money
great for daily use
Good
ok type product from colgateok type product from colgateok type product from colgate
It is duplicate looks as if water  is added and two bottles are converted into three a price tag in origami is missing  pl call back and check
It wont improve your horrible garlic & onion breath but it will reduce the stench drastically. Use it In the morning After brushing, in the evening before kissing and before going to bed after brushing in the night.
Good taste
Quality is so good easy to use But price is more
It ok it gives nice breeth
Good mouthwash with nice smell and taste no burning sensation
Taste/aroma is like old meethi supari.
Every day night I used before sleep
It has glycerine(alcohol substance), Propylene Glycol (alcohol substance), Benzyl AlcoholWhy fool people by saying "No Alcohol" Utter nonsense
Says  alcohol free mouth wash which it isn't. please read ingredients  it has alochol and other harsh ingredients
Very satisfying , quality of the product is extremely high grade, feel very fresh,  best is you can use it all times as it is natural & herbal
very nice flavour, no burning, long lasting freshness.
This will make you feel nauseated, very strong smell🤢
It tastes like tabacco.Doesn't feel refreshened.Better to try Hiora, same Himalaya brand.
My favourite
Good
Nice and effective
It is solution of almost all oral problem.i was facing lot of oral problem before its using but now all problem have been vanished.
Good
Awsm
I have tried many mouthwash some of them were good and few were average  but this is really good one from colgate,I was using Listerine from a long time and have decided to try another and I sticked to this one , working nice on teeth's ,It has reduced plaques in my teeth also soft on teeth's as it is alcohol free .It give freshness to mouth.Its cheap to buy on Amazon and delivery from Amazon is quick ,but this time I received a damaged bottle. Hope Amazon will soon improve there packingI recommend this to everyone
No specific comment
I like it
Good and keeps the mouth fresh for long.
Nice flavour for daily use
Perfect
Soothing
Good quality
Very good 👍
Quality is good.Tastes and smells great.Overall satisfied.Highly recommended.
Must use every night instead of brushing ...Must try
Not feels fresh after use
Just an average product…go for other brand.
I like it
Couldn't feel fresh
It's very good product. Ofcourse it's effectiveness would be visible after use of little longer period.
Kinda harsh on the mouth tissue, burns a fair bit due to the alcohol content.The biggest issue seems to be the smell of the dried mouthwash (on the bottle) which is similar to dried saliva.Maybe an issue with particular batches but no issues with the delivery from the seller or the overall quality of the product.Try the cool mint option, milder and doesn't have this issue with product smell.
I have been using Listerine Cavity fighter for the last 10 years and must say that it has kept me away from root canal problems during this period. I sometimes wish I had started using it much earlier. It may not be 100% protection from serious dental issues that arise but it surely minimises the detriortaion rate and so helps one postpone the visit to a dentistwould recommend youngsters to start using it everyday.  I must emphasize that I only use the cavity fighter.  I have no experience with other listerine mouth wash products
👌👌👌
Perfect to prevent cavities and effective enough to avoid infections.
Good but contains alcohol, alcohol makes your teeth pale to brown. So your dentist say you to throw it.
The main thing is you should ideally dilute it - 3 parts liquid, 1 part water. It really stings if you use it as is, my eyes kinda watered😅I am ok with it diluted, its fresh (not minty) and kinda sweet but I feel like the sweetness lingers more which I don't like much. Now I have got used to the sting and sweetness, so I kinda like it, and have used more than half of it.As a mouthwash, it's pretty good. I don't know the cavity fighter claims, but keeps mouth fresh and clean.Although the bottle is big, it's sturdy and portable, which is quite useful
A quality product at a good price.
It is very useful for dental health.
For mouth wash and it’s refreshing
                    The media could not be loaded.                 This is literally the 5th bottle that I'm using. This might be a bit tingly at first for some people but has a total fresh minty vibe in itOverall: 10/10 for me
Good mouth wash and flavor is good. Keep long lasting freshness. Advice to buy it.
It helps to remove gum problems
Taste is not very good , check for MRP after receiving the package ,it will be less than what you paid
Product is good. Would like to buy again. Thank you
I always us it. It is very cold and sharp taste. It is best whose mouth smell always. So you buy this product without any stress
Got it at a v good price. Best mouthwash ever used but i recommend u dilute it with 5 portion of water 1 of mouthwash. 100.times better  than Colgate which i earlier used. As always amazon packing price were good.
good
Listerine doesn't look the same what it is displayed in the picture... Not sure it real one or not.... Yet to use the product.
Thanks for good product
It's awesome, I don't know about the other flavour but the "Fresh Tea" is my favourite one, it's feels fresh after using it, also the best thing I liked that it doesn't gives you a feel like tingling effects or any burning sensation in your mouth while using it which we get when we use Listerine Mouthwash (beleive me it's the worst thing ever I have used) which makes you to throw up instantly as soon as you use it because it gives a burning like sensation.
It was fresh and flavor was good
👍👍👍👍👍
On time delivery, Good flavor, Effective than mint flavor.I will recommend
Great to have at home or while travelling. Fresh Tea flavour stays for longer. Go for it.
No complaint. Easy to use and smell is very mild and acceptable
doesn't know i have received original or fake
This item is great. Good taste.and doesn't burn the mouth.
Really good .
Well initially I was sceptical about the flavour but it's very refreshing. Had an issue with bad breath but after using for several days seems like there is a decrease in that issue .
Like 👍 👌 💛 😙 🥰 ☺️ 👍 👌 .
I guess it worked idk much about it i just ordered it once and  the only thing i know is my mouth feel cold for some minutes  after using it
Good product but price is little higher than local market
Ok
This is littlebit extra in colgate's any other mouthwashes, but i don't why amazon selling only one bottle in single order that also after every 4 months, as it is always in shortage. This is the reason i switched over to another brand & i am happy now.
Fit for purpose product
I have recently changed my dental hygiene practices. So instead of just brushing, these days I also floss. After which, i use the directed amount of mouthwash and rinse my mouth.Colgate Mouthwash doesn't burn at all and makes the mouth feel fresh and minty. It can also be used in between after meals to take away/ control bad breath and odour.I am quite sensitive to harsh mouthwashes and this did not have any stinging feeling. Would recommend this to others too.
Used it at night and woke up with fresh breath in the morning! Dont think I need to say more.
Good one.Go for it
My dentist recommended this to me, and the taste is much better than all the other mouthwashes that will burn your mouth.I feel this is way more effective than other brands and also other variants of colgate itself.
Good mouthwash. Personally not a fan of heavy tasted and spicy mouth wash and this is totally the opposite. Absolutely love the flavour and freshness and only mouthwash that helps with my tooth sensitivity. It's become a daily routine to use this after my regular brushing. Highly recommend.
Completes my brushing and I felt fresh after use
Had great expectations from this but it was just about average. The sensitivity was not materially addressed but it was milder than the other mouthwashes I have been using. Sweeter but not as refreshing as other brands.
Fantastic product from sensodyne, great aroma, relief from sensitivity, freshness guaranteed. Loved the unique packaging and design, good luck sensodyne.
Good freshness, mouthfeel. Works on reducing my sensitivity. Attractive packaging and easy to use cap for easy and accurate dosage.
It is a very nice product. A fresh start to your morning, and helps fight sensitivity. A must buy product.
Useless mouthwash...👎Contain parabens...👎No any effects...👎Don't waste your hard earn money....
Buy Clohex Ads. The best Mouthwash. Dont but any onpine promted brands.. all of sensodyne product are bad. They selling cheap product for everyday use. If you stop this all problem will return
Awesome mouthwash and it gave me sensitivity relief. I could feel more freshness through the day . Must try !!!
Jay ShrikrishnaUltimate choice. No need to search for the best.Use at night is very much useful to reduce teeth problem & have good sleep.
Excellent
Total care mild, is MILD in action but TOTAL in oral protection.
The direction to not rinse the mouth after, is helpful in making it effective.Also, this makes a bit of lather in the mouth that at least gives you the illusion that the effect will lastThis indeed has the longest lasting effect.Now whether it is advisable to use a mouthwash regularly for it might kill the good bacteria and also hamper the environment required for receding gums to heal naturally - is a different matter.
I liked it more than others specially the taste
This stings little less than other Listerine variant, but has flouride in this one. Which helps in cleaning teeth and gums, also whitening them.Make sure you brush before using this for like 30 sec gargle, then spit. Don't use water again after rinsing mouth with it. Maybe after 1 hour later you can eat or drink.I normally use before going to bed. Works good for me.NOTE: Definitely gives you that after feeling in entire mouth (inner cheeks, inner lips, and whole mouth) as though you visited a dentist and had flouride and other medicinal rinsing/cleaning.
should be priced around 200 or less. Is lot better than strong ones.
Everything good except that it feels soapy and forms a lot of foam, also its a bit rough for the mouth.Go with the 'Cool Mint' or 'Cavity fighter' ones.
It leaves mouth, super clean and dry, as if you have visited dentist for flouride treatment...really good
I completed two bottles of these and safe to say, it’s really good. It fizzes in your mouth, which was different at first but loved it with time. It does what it claims, mild taste, feels clean, etc. Ducting a star for the higher price! And loved the colour!!
This variant has a much milder flavor than the mint or original yellow listerine.Quite nice.
Freshness is good and long
Good product. Does it's job well
😁😁
Amazing product!! Helped me keep my teeth hygienic and mouth fresh during my braces..
Listerine is farr better when it comes to long lasting freshness..maybe bcoz it has alcohol..overall an ok ok product
Long lasting freshness and great flavor.
Super smeel
Good
Freshness is only for couple of seconds.Longevity is around 10-15 mins
This mouth wash has a pleasant taste, and unlike some other products, does not give that burning sensation.
Works well
The product is gud,price could be better
Refreshing
I received a original product at very low price
It serves the purpose properly. Flavour is also good
Very nice
Good for mouth wash, hard & powerful liquid
When I bought is product for 1st time it cost me around 200 rs and for that price the product was amazing. But this time I bought this same product at 329 price. And for this price I think it is overpriced. Otherwise the product is very good for our mouth hygiene.
Always reliable, does its job
Good
                    The media could not be loaded.                 I love how this product doesn’t tingle a lot in my mouth yet leaves a minty refreshing feeling. I am never going back to regular mouthwashes.
I ordered it for the first time and the packaging felt premium, when I used the mouthwash it tasted good and very minty, I liked it.
It didint burn you mouth good for sensitive people,Very affordable
Amazing results and great presentation. Being alcohol free is also a great addon. It provides immediate freshness just the way it claims.
Otherwise it is good product
Iam writing this review after few days of using Dabur red pulling oil. This is my first time I am using any oil pulling mouth wash. I always want to add oil pulling habit in my daily oral care routine. Dabur red pulling oil is something what i really wanted. It is an oral detox for teeth and gums. It is an Ayuvedic mouthwash having natural ingredients in it like coconut and sesame oils and herbs like tulsi, clove, mint etc which make its flavour good. I am using it in morning just 1 spoon oil swirling it for 5 min.,and its done. Its  just few days I am using it , I can see the progress in my oral health. It reduced my mouth bad smell and gums bleeding. It cleans my mouth and i feel refreshed after using it. Awsome product for oral hygiene. Value for money.
While first usage it blasted 🔥 my mouth.. if u r using dabur red tooth paste u might bear it..if not u will stop using this oil..so,be cautious..
Wanted to try a natural mouthwash. This has nice flavour, taste and does an ok job. It does leave a nice natural after taste but it's expensive and costs more than the regular mouthwash. May be plain coconut oil as a natural mouthwash is the answer ?
One should use this for many benefits. Bad breath is the big issue in today's world. Instead of chemical friendly mouthwash. This one is the healthy option.
So, I read about pulling oil and decided to buy a mini version and it was fine for few days. So I decided to buy a large one - this one; my biggest regret in life right now... it smells alright, but the trouble started the next day... I gargled before going to bed to keep the germs at bay; little did I know that I would have to keep all types of food at bay... 7 days and counting! I can't even eat mildly spicy food... and in my house they don't make spicy food at all compared to other households... it burns like crazy and caused blisters and sores on  my tongue. I am eating just sweets or just curd or bread and butter for so many days. I am so furious!! Wish I could actually post a picture of my sore red tongue... it's like they added copious amounts of baking soda in it... even my speech is impaired as I can't roll or use my tongue freely.  Bottom line, i don't know if this is adulterated version or the pulling oil itself is so bad... but the travel mini version caused no problem at all to me. So you decide what to do!! My BIL and sis tasted a drop in their tip of their tongue and scolded me for trying this. Plain gingely oil is best... it may not smell good, but it ain't gonna burn my tongue either! Dad gave me angry looks and asked me to consult doc... I am looking at foregoing good food over the new year celebrations. Hoping and praying to God that it will heal in 3 more days
This pulling oil is a unique experience away from the western mouthwashes we are so used to in our lives. Sharing an initial review of the product:1.  Efficacy: I was curious about how effective this product will be. But after reading and researching, I find it to be a safe and effective method of oral hygiene sans the use of harmful chemicals used in other commercial products. All of this with high anti-microbial capability (good bye halitosis :)2.  Freshness: The freshness remains for at least 3-4 hours. This is equal if not better than my other mouthwashes3.  Quantity: Since the high viscosity may require some getting used to, suggest you start with smaller quantities and use for limited time initially. Once you find your right combination you will realize the excellent long time freshness and effectivenessI think the bottom line is: This is an excellent product with wonderful capabilities and effectiveness. However, you need to let it grow on you. Get your use quantity and use time right (30 second vs 60 seconds) right and you will have a product you will love for a life time!
This is first time purchase for Oralcare.In use and seems quite effective.
It is titled pulling oil, but is sold as a mouthwash. It essentially is a oil with a number of herbs dissolved in it. I presume those are actually good for the teeth and also kills the germs as claimed. However you can not seriously consider to be a mouthwash. In the instructions, it says you should rinse your mouth for 5 - 10 minutes. And you must not swallow it. To keep your mouth filled with a thick oil, that tastes very greasy and spicy for 5 minutes is too much to ask. I can barely hold it for a minute. There is a freshness after you spit it out, but it lasts hardly for a few minutes.So all in all, while this may be useful for our teeth, I don't think we can call it a mouthwash
I have earlier used Colgate Vedshakti which is my preferred one comparing the both
It's a good pulling oil mouthwash which gives a good detox to the mouth & keeps the germs away. After using it for the 2-3 days one can feel the difference. However, do the sensitivity test before using it for long term. It has Ayurvedic ingredients which can help us keeping the dental issues away. Also, improves sinus health & kill 99.9 % germs. It helps to reduce bad breath as well. Its easy to use & has a decent flavor. Just gargle with 1 small spoon of oil for 5 to 10 mins, now just spit the oil & clean your mouth with water. You may give a try to this Mouthwash.
Best ever
Good taste, effective and longer freshness
Use it after brushing your teeth. Do not drink or eat for 30 minutes after using it. Best to use it before sleep.Contains alcohol. Works bestIt is very hard to use undiluted solution initially. But once you were able to adjust to it you could see the resultsDo not use frequently / daily. Use only when you have bad breath / gum bleeding or any other simple dental problems
Product as described
All good
Good product, but its a little expensive.
It's smell is embarrassing
Food
Good
Please call. Got duplicate. It's not sealed.Taste n smell is not as I ordered earlier.
I have tried many oils for pulling but so far this is the best
excellent oil pulling 👌
I have been using this for 10 days now, can see a difference in my teeth. Looks whiter and mouth also feels fresh.
Great mouthwash ever. I am using it since 5 days it's really effective for breathing, gums and cavities .Must try this.
It's very nice for taste buds ,good digestion is in the mouth.its for whiter teeth to .I love it💓
Really good mouthwash , with lots of ayurvedic benifits for your dental cleaning.
The freshness, quality, worth try product.
Absolutely love the feeling of hydration after using this product. I’ve stopped using alcohol -based mouthwashes since I found this. The mild taste of the sesame oil and the herbs while pulling also makes it a pleasant experience.
One of the best Oil pulling i come across . It does what it says.Highly recommended mouth Wash . Must buy !
Oil pulling really a good ayurvedic product for oral hygiene, cure from bleeding gums bad breathe teeth cavityWorth of moneyHighly recommended
A Review of perfora MouthwashHaving tried numerous mouthwashes over the years, I recently decided to give perfora Mouthwash a shot, and I must say, I'm thoroughly impressed. From its refreshing minty flavor to its lasting freshness, here's my comprehensive review:Flavor: The minty flavor of perfora  Mouthwash is invigorating without being overpowering. It leaves a pleasant taste in your mouth, making it an enjoyable part of your oral care routine.Freshness: One of the standout features of perfora Mouthwash is its ability to provide long-lasting freshness. After swishing it around for just 30 seconds, I could feel a significant difference in my breath that lasted throughout the day.Effectiveness: Not only does perfora  Mouthwash freshen breath, but it also helps to kill germs and bacteria, promoting overall oral hygiene. I've noticed a reduction in plaque buildup since incorporating it into my daily routine.Gentleness: Despite its powerful formula, perfora Mouthwash is gentle on the gums and doesn't cause any irritation, which is a huge plus for those with sensitive mouths.Packaging: The bottle design is sleek and convenient, making it easy to dispense the perfect amount of mouthwash without any mess or waste.Overall, perfora Mouthwash has exceeded my expectations in every aspect. It's become an essential part of my oral care routine, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a reliable mouthwash that delivers fresh breath and lasting oral hygiene benefits.
I had used mouthwash from different brands, but this one has found a place in my toiletries. This has a good flavour, but it does leave a mild bitter taste at the end for some time. Rest of the stuff is good. No fragrance, no colors, no burning sensation ofc. As someone with sensitive tongue, this does the work for me.Thanks to Amazon recommends.
Couldn't use Listerine because of strong Flavour. But, I can easily recommend this Perfora MW (Lemon Mint) to anyone as it's mild. Will definitely try other products of this brand ( Perfora ).
I noticed a significant improvement in the freshness of my breath that lasted throughout the day.
I like everything about the brand just that the lemon mint taste for cavity is little sour else everything is great about the product and as well as brand
I used the product and could instantly feel a difference in my mouth. Great product.
I had an issue with the product, that become colourless after fewdays of use. No other changes suchs as flavour, smell etc. I intimated company over email and asked the reason. After inquiry of batch number, they immediately replaced it with a new one. You can see both , in the photo. The one with colourless liquid was the old one.
I have used almost all mouthwashes...But this one is class apart from most other brands...I was always looking for spicyness in mouthwash... Perfora gives right mix of ingredients... That makes our mornings very fresh..
A good mouth wash that doesn't burn your mouth, it tastes like a lemonade
Feels very fresh after the rinse. I recommend 6-7 ml per wash
Most long lasting Fresh breath and no stinging sensation or burning taste. My dentist prescribed this.
Good
Value for money ...
Over cost
As a doc I recommend this month wash .
unnecessarily Costly
Awesome
Good product
Good product, flavour is suttle and keeps your mouth fresh.
Awesome
A Review of perfora MouthwashHaving tried numerous mouthwashes over the years, I recently decided to give perfora Mouthwash a shot, and I must say, I'm thoroughly impressed. From its refreshing minty flavor to its lasting freshness, here's my comprehensive review:Flavor: The minty flavor of perfora  Mouthwash is invigorating without being overpowering. It leaves a pleasant taste in your mouth, making it an enjoyable part of your oral care routine.Freshness: One of the standout features of perfora Mouthwash is its ability to provide long-lasting freshness. After swishing it around for just 30 seconds, I could feel a significant difference in my breath that lasted throughout the day.Effectiveness: Not only does perfora  Mouthwash freshen breath, but it also helps to kill germs and bacteria, promoting overall oral hygiene. I've noticed a reduction in plaque buildup since incorporating it into my daily routine.Gentleness: Despite its powerful formula, perfora Mouthwash is gentle on the gums and doesn't cause any irritation, which is a huge plus for those with sensitive mouths.Packaging: The bottle design is sleek and convenient, making it easy to dispense the perfect amount of mouthwash without any mess or waste.Overall, perfora Mouthwash has exceeded my expectations in every aspect. It's become an essential part of my oral care routine, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a reliable mouthwash that delivers fresh breath and lasting oral hygiene benefits.
I had used mouthwash from different brands, but this one has found a place in my toiletries. This has a good flavour, but it does leave a mild bitter taste at the end for some time. Rest of the stuff is good. No fragrance, no colors, no burning sensation ofc. As someone with sensitive tongue, this does the work for me.Thanks to Amazon recommends.
Couldn't use Listerine because of strong Flavour. But, I can easily recommend this Perfora MW (Lemon Mint) to anyone as it's mild. Will definitely try other products of this brand ( Perfora ).
I noticed a significant improvement in the freshness of my breath that lasted throughout the day.
I like everything about the brand just that the lemon mint taste for cavity is little sour else everything is great about the product and as well as brand
I used the product and could instantly feel a difference in my mouth. Great product.
I had an issue with the product, that become colourless after fewdays of use. No other changes suchs as flavour, smell etc. I intimated company over email and asked the reason. After inquiry of batch number, they immediately replaced it with a new one. You can see both , in the photo. The one with colourless liquid was the old one.
I have used almost all mouthwashes...But this one is class apart from most other brands...I was always looking for spicyness in mouthwash... Perfora gives right mix of ingredients... That makes our mornings very fresh..
A good mouth wash that doesn't burn your mouth, it tastes like a lemonade
Feels very fresh after the rinse. I recommend 6-7 ml per wash
Good to see this Sensodyne mouthwash small pack on amazon! Loved the product experience, felt an improvement in my oral health. This small pack is also easy to carry in my laptop bag.
Great product at very good price.
Worthble
There are scores of Mouth Freshners available but there is perhaps none that can match Listerine Original Mouthwash. It keeps your mouth fresh for as long as you don't eat anything in between and it keeps the gums healthy too.
Listing original I tried 1st time earlier I was using mint but original flavour is a bitter 🙃
For a mothwash after smoking it is best..Use only two times a day...
Wonderful 👍🏻
Effective.
                    The media could not be loaded.                 Bitter , it's kind of alcohol taste and it's very hard... I am not recommend to others to buy this flavour.. usually I used to buy mint fresh flavour unfortunately I was curious to go for this flavour and and I was not lucky lol..
Good
When I switched from mint to this original flavor, it tasted a little bitter, and I wondered if I had made a mistake by purchasing three of them at once. So if you're looking for flavor, this product isn't for you.
Price is but low compared to retail market and Product quality is also good
Value for money
5 stars on freshness and flavour. Good product from Colgate
What sets one off is the SEAL which is anything but easy to remove.A good mouth-wash.
best for quick mouth freshness
Nice
A good mouth washing liquid which is antiplaque and kills bacteria. Suits me fine.
Ok
Average product. Rather Brush twice daily.
Good
                    The media could not be loaded.                 Good mouth wash I am really happy with my purchase .
How can anyone when trust a brand when they don't reveal what they are putting into the product and expect us to have it in our oral care as mouth rinses, returning it!Don't know how do digestive enzymes add as pro-biotic.Not even sure which probiotic strain is present in this concoction?No mention if the sweetener in this is Aspartame or what?Very unethical form of marketing.
                    The media could not be loaded.                 I have received a product of 2022, who's expiry date is early of 2024, what I will do with it now, within few months will I drink it?
Thisis not as expected, very light and won't help
Was looking for a good mouthwash, finally found one
No mention of ingredients anywhere on the bottle. Freshness doesn't last for even half n hour.
I bought this product and I'm very happy with it. It's easy to use, durable and looks great. It does everything it says on the box and more. I would recommend it to anyone who needs a reliable and affordable product like this. It's definitely worth the money.
Seems like they have mixed some toothpaste with water and selling
Faltu bekar
I bought this product and I'm very happy with it. It's easy to use, durable and looks great. It does everything it says on the box and more. I would recommend it to anyone who needs a reliable and affordable product like this. It's definitely worth the money.
Very good
Good Product
Better than all other conventional options, but expensive
Product is good but quantity is less at this price... If you use twice a day the it will get finish in 15 days
Gums bleeding stopped within 2-3 days of usage. I am not an expert so I can't comment on the ingredients but I find it very effective and worked like a charm for me.
Love the product. A doctor friend of mine told that it is genuinely sugar free which makes it easier for me to prescribe it to my folks. The only thing they should upgrade is the freshness factor which is slightly lesser if compared to Listerine or other big brands. Do that and they'll become sole leaders.
I have been pretty choosy about the products I use on my body or consume. Have been using multiple mouth wash products for ages and of course had to settle for the once dominating market, just coz of the ease, price, and availability but the burning sensation while using them has dissuaded me always.Dente91 Mouth Wash definitely resolves this while ensuring I don't end up having a dry mouth..Not sure what lactoferrin is, but who cares--- "Finders Keepers" ;)
I think its a fine product. You feel fresh for hours after using it.
Only negative is price. It's little expensive
Too costly
No doubt about this productIt's a dental product and this product keeps save our tooths from cavities and pain,Best option is brush twice in a day and immediately gargle,For what purpose this product have created it's definitely works and this product we have ordered 7 times and no issues
                    The media could not be loaded.                 🤝🏻 the best flavour and test
The flavour is too strong.
Very good and genuine products
The product is great,  but when the shipping charges is added.  It becomes expensive that normal store.
I find this is the best mouth wash available in the Indian market.* you can purchase a small bottle of this and carry to your work place also so that after having meals you can rinse your mouth with this and keep your mouth fresh ,the smell of food emanating from your mouth goes away ,refreshes mouth* thoroughly cleans our teeth and the food particles which stuck in mouth and doesn't come out with normal rinsing with water or other mouth wash gets easily removed by this*very effective as regular use of this lessens plaque formation*even though it is recommended to use it undiluted but since it cause burning sensation in mouth I dilute it with water* it is also effective in reducing gingivitis if used for long time
awesum purchase
The cavity fighter mouthwash is good for use. I would suggest to use it 2-3 times a week. It does not burn and makes you feel fresh.
product & delivery is good, no leaks, its better than all the variants as it has Cavity fighter formula which is not there in others
I am using Listerine for a very long time. For me it's a very great product but recently my dentist told me not to use it. He said that these mouth washes may kill odour but cause yellow teeth and this was the reason behind my light yellow teeth. I trust him because he didn't recommend any medicated mouth wash (as other doctors usually do) and only told me to use Saline or Salt water as an alternative.
I've lost count of how many bottles I've used. Makes my mouth feel clean and fresh. Removes odour.
Good
Flavor is as expected very strong and even burns the taste buds . But works for the teeth hygiene . I'd recommend to use it once in 2 days .
The product is very refreshing to use. Use 10ml undiluted. Better than other harmful mouth washes in the market.
It's okay.
worth buying, It's all natural and without any side effects. One of the best product I have used so far.
It is mild and it has a pleasant taste.
I must say picking habbits oral products is the best thing I’ve ever done because it’s worth it all ✨
I have used this product and it's genuinely worth buying. It's all natural and without any side effects. One of the best product I have used so far. One should definitely try this brand.
I started needing to brush again in a few hours once I started using this. I didn't realise this was happening until two weeks went by. I then purposefully didn't use it one day to check if my theory was correct, and indeed it was. My mouth felt comparatively fresher till next morning.
Normal hai....kuch khaas Nhi hai....Price bhi bahut jayada hai...Market se lena theek hai...Zandu Mouthwash behtar hai...price bhi  kam hai...Zandu Mouthwash...
Overall good product but this still gives a burning sensation after swishing
Superfreshning, tasty, no alcohol. Also provided me with sensitivity relief in such a short time.
great product
This is mild mouthwash as compared to alcohol based mouthwash you are used to. I’ve been an avid Listerine user and when I used this mouthwash, i actually doubted if this works or not. Nothing special, does its job, does not give you any numb feeling like the alcohol based products you kmay have used, the pricing could be a little lesser IMO
The mouthwash is very refreshing.. I have seen the difference within a month of using it. It cures mouth plaque and odour both.
After using one month, its pretty average product and you wont like it chokes your neck
MouthwashIts better than the usual green blue mouthwashes!.Gives you a good fresh feeling after use!. I like this product!. Worth buying it
This product has become my an essential part of my oral care routine, I have been pleasantly surprised by the results and overall experience of the product. It’s gentle on my mouth and don’t cause any harsh sensation. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone who is looking for gentle yet effective mouthwash.
I am amazed how good this product is as its so refreshing and mild to my mouth at the same time! Unlike other mouthwashes they burn so much! I am happy and would recommend this product to all.
I appreciate that the Habbits charcoal mouthwash was made with all-natural ingredients. It didn't contain any harsh chemicals or additives, which gave me peace of mind knowing that I was using a safe product. The mouthwash was very easy to use - I simply swished it around in my mouth for a minute or two and then spat it out. It didn't have an overpowering taste like some other mouthwashes I've used in the past, which was a nice surprise. Never going back to any other mouthwash.
Along with being a safe & effective mouthwash as they claim, I love that the Habbits mouthwash & other products are eco-friendly and cruelty-free. It's important to me to use products that are not only good for me, but also good for the environment. The mouthwash comes in a recyclable container and doesn't contain any harmful chemicals or artificial ingredients. Additionally, the fact that it's vegan & cruelty-free, is a big plus. I feel good knowing that I'm using a product that aligns with my values and beliefs.
Lost some amount of product as the package was leaky.The measuring cap was broken.  maybe that is why the leakage.Did not send it back as the need is urgent.Will update after using for sometime.
It's best product for pregnancy time
Good Quality 👍
                    The media could not be loaded.                
Ordered 6pcs received 5pcs
No discount on the MRP and additional delivery charges there.
Very good product
Refreshing
The taste of this is good and doesn't burn in the mouth. But the price is too steep in my opinion.
Despite the sharp minty flavor, there was an undertone of peach in the scent. Although it doesn't burn, the mintiness made it difficult for me to hold it for too long in my mouth. It leaves the mouth feeling fresh. Having fasted had resulted in bad breath, which has been eliminated instantly. There are no alcohol, neurotoxins, or fluoride in this product, which is my favorite. All  the ingredients are natural and safe, and the freshness endures a long time.There is no doubt that mouthwash is the best product you can buy all the time, it is the best product for fighting germs. It is very cool and refreshing, and it makes you feel very refreshed.
I tried this for the first time and liked it as it is alcohol free and also paraben free. It helped me to whiten my teeth and strengthen my gums. It also prevented me from cavity and other mouth problems. I believe it is a mouthwash which is actually valued for money.
Fluoride free, tastes great , cleans well. Doesn’t sting as much. Gentle on the gums . I really love the peach flavour. And the clean feelings inside my mouth
This mouthwash is very tasty that it feels like drinking it. The best part is that it does not give burning sensation and is alcohol free so the kids can also use it. Everybody in my home loves using it.
Awesome mouth wash..feeling fresh after use it.. the taste is mild and doesn't burn your mouth.. cleaning power is decent 👌 using this twice a day...It also has benefits for your overall oral health. Using mouthwash helps reduce the bacteria in your mouth, which reduces the amount of dental plaque that forms. Regular use of mouthwash helps prevent periodontal disease.. go for it guy's without any doubt...
I like cardmom flavor and simplicity of product.  Have used it today let's see how it goes.
Good but missing free Shot Glasses which is shown in product images....
I liked the product a lot. One must try it, this doesn't give a burning sensation at all and is 100% alcohol-free. Flavour is perfect as well.
It's better than the mouthwash whoch promise longetivity but don't provide it.Also many mouthwash gives a burning sensation which you don't get in this product. This is a very good product to use.
I like the fact the price and you get many tablets in cheap price its better than ordinary mouth wash and its compact too.
Teeth freshness productFlavor was excellentLoved itLongevity of freshness
It is very easy to carry this any ware. Small packeg yet effective. Good flavour.  Must buy.
The product is very good in quality and the flavor is best! I'm gonna use this forever it's best for mouth freshness. And also price is less and quality, flavor, tablets are more. Must try this it I loved it.
Bits are easy to use and they even smell good and the best part they even gave a glass.
Not a fantastic product, taste is not nice for me and I do not feel it does the job wellSuch a shame as choice for mouthwash in India is very limited
Looks like a medicine to be admunistered under doctors guidance.Instructions for use is not clear!
hi its really very very useless, its just color water and waste of money
Seller is making fool. Just water with some color in it. Worst product.

Long lasting refreshment. Loved the packaging and it's uses.
Great product and great taste in very good price just go for it . …..
The green colour of the mouth wash represents the mix of cardamom and tulsi, which is a great- great herbal combination. It keeps the mouth fresh and clean naturally. There is no odour afterwards and the fragrance lasts long during the day. The quantity is good, it’s easy to order and the delivery was quick. The bottle design is such that one can easily hold it while using.  The lid is tight and can be kept inside the bag while travelling. My other family members are also using it and found it quiet good than other brands mouthwash. Close up mouthwash comes in other colours and flavours also.
Need for oral health
Longevity good,Freshness for a long period,Flavor with different varieties
Works like you expect it to work.
First time I got an open box with one bottle short. I raised a complaint & they sent a replacement which is excellent. The box is well sealed & three bottles are intact binder. & the product is great. Thanks
Tastes "little" hot, but not too much burning sensation. This is my 2nd bottle. I have used the red (spicy) one too, i liked that too. Red one was way too much spicy when they had launched, now they have toned it down a bit. Both last long & fresh breath too.  Better than Listerene. Colgate Plax sensitive is milder than this, one may try that too for milder flavour.
Everything is perfect but packing is not good4 bottle but box is may be for 10 bottle so after creat many problem we not purchase for returns or refund but we are purchase for use so please take care for packing as per material and sizeThanks to all
The product is absolutely good, but the shipping charge Rs.120 for a product which originally costs only Rs.230 is absolute plunder.
can expect freshness for 2-3 hours.the flavour is unique, for me, it's much more like chewing paan.product from Colgate is much more superior.
Recently I got my braces and doctor suggested to use this mouth wash..... The taste is also nice.
This mouth wash was recommended by my dentist for mouth cleaning as i have gaps in my back teeth
Ok good
Recommended by Dentist
GivesFreshness
Ok
It's really nice product.
Fast delivery and good product, but available with lower price in the market. Overall satisfied and recommended product. A a
ok
I bought this second bottle, after experiencing the positive impact of first bottle on my sensitive teeths.. It actually helps in regeneration of enamel.. That's why it worked quite well for me
Like this
Using it since four days now. I have become it's fan since first use. I had a mild pain in one of the cavities and with just one use it vanished. After using it mouth thanks you literally! Good product. Worth trying!!! Only thing that I didn't like is it's quantity. It's too less. Have to reorder soon.
We can try for the just product
Product  is good.  I have  stated using  the product  recently  taste  and smell is satisfactory. But how effective  it is needs to  be  tested
Price should be lesser
I have tried multiple product for oil pulling. Then during search I seen Oldgoa Oil pulling spearmint. After using this I can say This is the best product for oil pulling across all products in market. Organic and value for money. I do oil pulling for 12-15 mins everyday, it relax my mind and give best oral care.
Expensive
Excellent product .Working effectively on all oral problems.
The taste isnt for everyone. It's okay but i loved the spearmint flavour better.
Label on the bottle clearly say it's free sample then why it's Sold?
Feeling so much fresh and smells cool in morning
It is so easy to use. Similar to liquid mouth washes, there is no strong flavor. It is absolutely worth it.
Product Is Good,But I'll Prefer Mouthwash next time
Works pretty good as a mouth wash. I have been using it now for a couple of weeks and i seriously like this product alot. Its even pocket friendly.
Nice product. It definitely works. Yes, it's different in terms of effectiveness against the Listerine liquid mouth wash & not that effective. But Listerene is strong mouth freshener, & is comparatively quite costly & gets over soon. This to me has worked longer so far, as it has 60 tablets. Easy to use. Just requires plain water & take one tablet & you are good to rinse off your mouth. Leaves a fine & very mild after taste, which keeps the freshness effect ongoing.
This mouthwash is pretty bad, doesn't make the mouth feel fresh. I used their charcoal toothpaste bits which was great but I didn't like this product.
It's just your regular ayurvedic no-sugar toothpaste dried up as little tablets (even that would work better). The flavour and smell of essential oil is negligible, also the artificial sweetners are too strong and unnecessary. It feels like sugar water in your mouth, would do more harm than any good.This product is stupidly formulated and way overpriced. For 300+ you just get around 5g of product in a fancy glass bottle with a cheap shot glass. 👎🏻
The taste is super good. It's a great alternative for regular mouthwash. It contains cinnamon & clove which is beneficial for the entire oral hygiene. Moreover I hav seen my teeth getting whiter after few uses.
It tastes great, does the work, not too harsh a mouthwash, takes very little space on the shelf, and no chance of spilling.
Good but missing Free Shot Glasses as shown in product images..
Using this since the last 2 weeks, it's too good. I travel a lot and travel light. So I rarely  have check in bags and becuase of that, I have to keep small bottles of all toiletries. This solves the problem for me for my mouthwash. It works exceptionally well, I keep it my laptop bag and even use it post lunch/dinner to freshen my breath! Kudos
I am trying this mouthwash for the first time... It is surprisingly good, doesn't contain alcohol. No burning sensation.You will not regret go for it
One of the best herbal mouthwash.
This product contains loads of harmful chemicals like sodium benzoate, sodium lauryl sulphate etc. in the name of ayurveda. Would recommend bio resurge mouthwash as it has no chemicals.
Using it for years. Good one. Does the job.
One of the few good mild mouthwashes available
Satisfied with purchase.
Nothing herbal about this useless product.
Excellent
Excellent product
Truly herbal good product
Its quite refreshing. I learnt about its benefit  from an Ayurvedic Doctor at an Ayurvedic center where I stayed for 4 days.
It's very good in terms of quality of oil and flavour. You feel whole day refreshing after using it. I gives 100 out of 100 to this product. I strongly recommend this product to the people who wants their breath to be super refreshing and helps for good oral health.The copper tongue cleaner is very good in quality.
Hi ,The product is super in terms of quality. When you will use it you will realise that the oil is original. The flavour is very refreshing and it has amazing impact on your breath. The tongue cleaner is made of copper which is superb quality.
I have been keen to try out Oil Pulling or Gandoosha since a long time but what put me off for years was the unease around it — choosing an oil that won’t make me gag or vomit, confusion about whether to add anything to the oil or not, and the addition of another ‘chore’ to my routine. But the world was abuzz about its benefits ranging from dental health to daily detox, from acne prevention to weight loss, and I just had to try it.Thanks to this brilliantly made product from Immuno Wellness, all my concerns were put to rest. It has Sweet Orange & Peppermint Oil added to the Coconut & Sesame oil base and is hence super fresh smelling. This is incredibly easy to use and add to your routine. All you have to do is shake the bottle and swish with a tablespoonful for a few minutes and go ahead and brush as per usual. It also comes with the most efficient tongue cleaner!!! So bonus points, Immuno Wellness! 👍🏻I immediately noticed the freshest breath I have EVER had! And also realised how I had been doing it wrongly all these years!! Incorporate this into your routine and see for yourself! In a few days, my gum issues were gone and my digestion improved significantly.I’m hooked for life and I highly recommend this!
An absolutely wonderful product in the world of oral hygiene. I have always believed that in building immunity, oral hygiene is of utmost importance and yet is highly ignored. After being recommended this product, I tried it and find it absolutely in a different league. It tastes delicious, I am using the fennel flavour, and your mouth feels fresh for a very long time unlike other mouthwashes available in the market. So I would call this an all round oral hygiene solution and not just a mere 'mouthwash'. Try it and you will feel the difference.
I did not like it much. Used for three days and  decided to put it away. To each his own.Not for me. Its better rather to use virgin coconut oil instead. Simpler and healthier.
Immuno Wellness is an excellent way to start your morning with great natural flavour that leaves long lasting freshness in your mouth! It’s a 100% natural product, alcohol free amd cruelty free. Used this product for a few days now and feel like it will replace my old mouthwashes. It is safe for any age of people so the whole family can use it. The copper pull is a great add on. Thank you so much for such a great product. Now a permanent product in my bathroom.
I had an issue with bleeding gums and I thought ill go back to oil pulling to strengthen my teeth and gums.I should stop this addiction to exaggerated products online.The previous time when I did oil pulling with coconut oil and subsequently switching to extra virgin coconut oil, both gave me a good feeling and you could actually feel a difference after your done with your daily routine. so when I saw this multi-ingredient oil pulling solution i thought ill give it a try after seeing all the good reviews(i should have known better about amazon reviews).this oil,i sipped both oil's of different flavours and did an average for about 10-20 as mentioned on the package but it did not feel like with coconut oil.there is some root put into both bottles but overall this is ineffective for me atleast and also this bottle leaks.stick with coconut oil guys.
I have been using this (Fennel Flavour) for  more than a week and product delivered 100% what I expected and what they claimed.I have used other mouthwash before which uses synthetic chemicals but this is completely different in terms of after taste and freshness and on top of it is completely natural. I got amazing results.I genuinely recommend this if anyone looking for mouthwash.
Started using it a few weeks back as a replacement of mouth wash. It is far superior compared to an alcohol based mouth washNo chemicalsCold pressed natural oilsNo burning sensation like a mouthwashRefreshing fennel flavourPretty good after tasteI don’t think I am ever going back to alcohol based mouthwash after using this Ayurvedic oil.
Really good, must try it once. Makes you feel fresh and better than cool mint and total care variant.
value for money
I get regular dental checks and my dentist says that my teeth are much better looking from before I started using this mouthwash.I use it after every meal although it’s little hard on the mouth, it helps to keep your mouth clean and away from cavities. I got 3 pack for 499 but I see the prices now have increased a bit high.
Excellent
Some more punch can be added
M using from last 8 years, good product
Good product by Amazon
Happy and worthy to buy!!!
Price could be better,otherwise it's gud.
Don't buy I'm not using this it's not good product
bad after taste, but i think it might be for the good
My dog loves these and goes crazy over them. They maintain his oral hygiene and are overall an amazing product. They have become a daily routine for him. I recommend these to the dog owners oit there. Give it a try, it's worth it!
Love it
Looks like a good quality product smells also really good but somehow My Pomsky Puppy dont like it but anyways he is so picky so half of the things he dont like.
My dogs loved it absolutely.. Not chewing but eating..I ended up getting 2.5" which is too small for bernards. There should be a way to select 4" Before placing order.Con: Costly, not sure how much to give each day as there's no recommendation.
Our dog really loves these and they effectively reduce plaque and breath odor. Especially like that most chews of this range are hypoallergenic. Must try ❤️
                    The media could not be loaded.                 The best vegetarian bone!I'm giving it to my pet since last 3 months and it is the best product I have got for him so far. He loves the apple flavored bones. It also helps in maintaining dental hygiene. Overall the best product.
My pet dog🐶 actually waits for the treat and points for the packet least we forget. 👍
It remains soft throughout the year and keeps her teeth clean. She loves this flavor
My pet got allergy after having Dental chew zest ..Unable to understand why this item ( Dental chew zest )  is compulsory to purchase with Yakies dog chew ? This is unethical ..
My pet likes it and it serves the purpose. As far as dental chews is concerned, it’s too soft for any dental exercise
This is one of the best mouth washes I have ever came across.I loved the fact that It's totally made with some amazing natural ingredients,that's why I bought it & now it’s part of my oral hygiene routine. Refreshing mouth wash that prevent bad breathe odour as well.
Nature Sure Aloe Vera Mouthwash with Neem and Clove , does not cause any burning sensation or bitter after-taste. it is very  effective in preventing Bad breath and feels fresh for long hours. This Natural Mouthwash is certainly a must for everyone for ORAL Hygiene.
Surprisingly it helped to relieve me from tooth pain!! Good solution for immediate relief. Taste is not bad but it takes some time to get accustomed to it as its different from the usual ones.
Okay a little costly
I like this product. It prevents bad breath and fresh mouth.It does not contain any chemical. They give us very cooling effect.l recommend this product.
Best
The taste is very mild. No flavour. Don't feel any freshness after using it.
Amazing freshness..excellent flavour...makes u feel fresh and energetic..I will recommend everyone for use this product once.. fabulous product.Thanku Nature sure 😍😍
It's doesn't have overpowereing fragrance its perfect for sensitive teeth as well and best thing it's doesn't contain alcohol i loved it's
Really it works good very good product Remove bad breath remove stains and also good for sensitive tooth
Sewage like smell. Will never order even if they give money
Product is good
Don't order this product.its smell and taste is very bad. Pls don't buy it is waste of money.🤮🤮🤢
Horriable smell and taste, I never recommrnd anyone
Taste is very soapy and not at all like normal resfreshnerLabel not mentioning content alsoWill never order again
Not sure of how effective the product is. On the first use, it was difficult to use a solution which tastes like surf water. I have bought two of them and will be waiting for the day when I finish this.
                    The media could not be loaded.                 It doesn't smell like a mouth wash and smells like a sanitizer. I'm very doubtful if it's going to improve the oral hygiene in anyway. Please avoid buying this and go for brands like Colgate or Listerine.
No words to describe, that much Bad
Plz don’t buy smell and taste is very awwwful
I thrown in to a dust bin after opening the mouth wash as it is getting bad smell.
Refreshing
The taste of this is good and doesn't burn in the mouth. But the price is too steep in my opinion.
Despite the sharp minty flavor, there was an undertone of peach in the scent. Although it doesn't burn, the mintiness made it difficult for me to hold it for too long in my mouth. It leaves the mouth feeling fresh. Having fasted had resulted in bad breath, which has been eliminated instantly. There are no alcohol, neurotoxins, or fluoride in this product, which is my favorite. All  the ingredients are natural and safe, and the freshness endures a long time.There is no doubt that mouthwash is the best product you can buy all the time, it is the best product for fighting germs. It is very cool and refreshing, and it makes you feel very refreshed.
I tried this for the first time and liked it as it is alcohol free and also paraben free. It helped me to whiten my teeth and strengthen my gums. It also prevented me from cavity and other mouth problems. I believe it is a mouthwash which is actually valued for money.
Fluoride free, tastes great , cleans well. Doesn’t sting as much. Gentle on the gums . I really love the peach flavour. And the clean feelings inside my mouth
This mouthwash is very tasty that it feels like drinking it. The best part is that it does not give burning sensation and is alcohol free so the kids can also use it. Everybody in my home loves using it.
Awesome mouth wash..feeling fresh after use it.. the taste is mild and doesn't burn your mouth.. cleaning power is decent 👌 using this twice a day...It also has benefits for your overall oral health. Using mouthwash helps reduce the bacteria in your mouth, which reduces the amount of dental plaque that forms. Regular use of mouthwash helps prevent periodontal disease.. go for it guy's without any doubt...
Best product
